


                    			- Immigration? Revenue.
  Missus Rose! There are people here from the government!  I've been gutted!  John, I've been stripped of every morsel of pleasure  I earned in this life!  Well, how do you think I feel, Moira?!  Eli was family, for God's sake!  Leave your finances to me, he said! Son of a bitch!  Baby, it's crazy, people are just like,  taking our stuff!  I said, they're taking our stuff!  Can you just step out of the club for a second, ple  Hold on, hold on! Those bags are not for you,  my boyfriend bought those for me,  so, theoretically, they are his!  Please sir, can you step aside?  No, you step aside! You step aside!  I'm still trying to wrap my mind around  what kind of a sick person wants to get paid  to destroy another person's life!  Destroy another person's life!  Where are you taking that?!  My very soul has been kidnapped,  there's no ransom, no one's coming to save me!  We've got 15 minutes to collect our personals,  can we pick up the pace?! No, no!  Did you put Kristen with Robin? They don't like each other!  Nooooo! Nooooo!  Eli really did a number, Johnny.
  He took everything.
  They're still looking for him, they think he's in the Caymans.
  He was our business manager, he's supposed to pay taxes!  Hmm.
  There is a very small amount set aside for you,  and one asset the government has allowed you to retain.
  The kids.
  The children are dependents, Moira.
  You bought a small town in 1991, Johnny.
  Yes, I bought that as a joke for my son.
  Wait, you actually purchased that town?  Yes, I purchased the town, how else could I get the deed?  You could've photo shopped the deed! And saved the money!  Why would I Photoshop a deed, the joke was owning the town!  Okay, stop.
 That was the joke!  Oh my God! Well, that was the joke!  To Johnny's credit  This town just might be your saving grace, at least for a while.
  What do you mean?  You can live there for next to nothing,  until you get back on your feet.
  I'm sure there's a penthouse we can move into,  please, there are other options.
  Well, homelessness is still on the table.
  The whole time I was surrounded by old women wearing visors,  who smelled like yams!  There was nowhere to lie down!  There was nowhere to lie down, there was no bed!  There was no kitchen.
  I know!  No.
  I don't know what to tell you, there's like,  cows all over the place, like, everywhere.
  I don't know if there's even a station,  I don't know what's happening!  Johnny Rose!  Roland Schitt.
  Oh, you're the mayor we're supposed to meet.
  That's right, I'm the mayor,  so if you're looking for an ass to kiss, it's mine!  Oh, this is my family, my son  Let's get you all squared away in the office there, Johnny,  okay, the gals can grab the bags,  you follow me, all right, right this way,  watch it, honey, here we come.
  The "Cheaters" marathon we watched, it's like that.
  Children, keep an eye on these bags.
  Apparently in hell, there's no bellman!  David, what are we Shut up!  You shut up! You shut up!  Um, you shut up! You shhhut up!  The name is Rose.
  I don't see a reservation under that name.
  It's okay, Stevie, I set aside two rooms for them.
  Well, there's nothing here.
  Well okay, fine, just book 'em in with two rooms,  these people own the town; They're big deals.
  We'll need three rooms, minimum.
  Ooh, no can do, honey.
  Look, we have a one room comp policy here,  and I am personally throwing in an extra room out of sheer decency, so  What about suites? Do you have a couple of suites?  This guy!  Um  No, this is a motel,  so we cater more to off road truckers and drunk teenagers.
  Please, someone just give me a key, to a door,  to a room any room! I just want a bathtub,  and a long extension cord, please.
  There you go, ma'am.
  It smells like a gym bag.
  Does anyone else feel light headed?  Oh my God, this takes me back to high school.
  You know, I did the deed in just about every room in this place.
  Yep, if a forensic team came in here  with one of those blue lights, this place would just light up!  Okay, that's good.
  Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Oh my God.
 Oh my God!  Oh hey, chief, the other room's right through there.
  Here you go.
  And there's the bed,  I should probably pull off that cover, and burn it.
  All right.
  Good, Roland, thank you very much, appreciate everything, uh   Have a ball in the land down under!  Ever wanna ride a kangaroo?  Okay.
  Okay.
  Okay.
 Oof!  Okay, okay.
  Okay, okay, okay.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  Okay.
 Okay!  Okay.
 Okay.
 I love you!  Oh, okay, well, it looks like you got all the channels  except for Channel 19 for some reason.
 I don't know why.
  Well, the thing is we won't be watching a lot of television,  but again, thank you,  I don't want to keep you, I know you're a busy man.
  Whoa!  Hi.
  Can I help you?  I'm looking for an extra towel, Okay  And this might be a stupid question,  considering the state of the rugs in our room,  but do you have a business centre here?  Yes, we do have a business center.
  You can find it right outside the doors to your left,  right beside the hammam spa.
  Would you like me to book you a treatment while you're at it?  Thank you, no, just the towel, thanks.
  I'll get those right out.
  Well Roland, once again, thank you for giving us  the lay of the land here,  but we have some serious unpacking to do.
  Oh, sure! If you don't mind.
  No problem there, Johnny, I don't mind helpin' out.
  Listen, one thing before I go here, um  Do you mind if I use your toilet?  Is it absolutely necessary?  Uh, yeah, I would say it's absolutely necessary!  Excuse me.
  Absolutely necessary.
  Yes, that train has left the station,  if you know what I mean!  I need that bed.
 Why?  Because I need it.
 Why?  Because if someone were to break in here  in the middle of the night wanting to murder us,  they would attack this bed first,  so I need this bed.
  So you're saying that you want me to get murdered first?!  In front of you? And then what would you do?  Would you just run away and leave me to bleed out  On the floor?!  Uh, sort of, that was the plan, yeah.
  Okay.
 Well, you can have the bed when I leave.
  Well, where are you going?  Stavros is flying in to get me, I told you that.
  What do you mean Stavros is com  What do you mean? When? When is he doing that?  Like, whenever stupid Mary-Kate stops hogging his plane.
  Well, where are we going?  Okay, at present, he's just coming for me,  but then I figured that we would just come back  and grab you guys at some point.
  What kind of sociopath abandons her family in some vomit soaked dump,  to gallivant around the world  with her dumb shipping heir loser boyfriend  she's known for three months?!  Um, David, it will be four months next month!  Oh my God!  And he just told me that he could potentially see himself  considering saying "I love you"  at some point sometime soon, so  That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
  I'm telling mom.
 I'm telling mom and dad, have you told them?  No! No David, I'm waiting for the right opportunity.
  Okay, otherwise dad's gonna cry,  and mom's gonna do that thing  where she pretends that nothing's wrong,  and then just doesn't talk to me for five months,  and I don't want that.
  Well, I need this bed! I need it, so.
  You know what, David?!  You get murdered first for once!  No, you get murdered first!  David, you get murdered first!  No, you! You do it!  Yes, you get murdered first! David, you get murdered first!  I actually think this place is kinda cute.
  Did you say cute?  No Alexis, Martha Stewart's Hampton home is cute.
  Where's that weird man?  Where?  He's in the bathroom.
  He he won't leave!  Well, he's been in there for a very long ti  Oh my God! Oh my God!  Jeez.
 Um Boy.
  Remind me to get that window fixed.
  It will not open.
  Roland, listen, thank you very much,  but I appreciate everything you've done,  we need a little private time now, as a family.
  Sure, well actually, those curtains do close there so  Oh, look! You've got Channel 19!  Roland, could you get the fuck out?!  This latest model is a revelation in innovation.
  I am not lying folks, it's gonna last you a lifetime.
  You are gonna thank  That was an overreaction.
 That was uncalled for.
  It's just you know, we're a little tired,  it's been a long day,  there's a pharmacy worth of drugs wearing off  on most of us right now, and I just think as a family,  we just need a little time to chill.
  Johnny, please, you don't have to apologize,  and you really don't have to hit me over the head  with this sort of thing, I get it,  you need your little family time and all that, I'm sure.
  No problem.
  You know what I'll do, I'll um  I'll just get the fuck out of here.
  Ugh, we have to eat in here?!  I think it's kinda sweet.
  Alexis, what's going on with you?  What do you mean? Seriously?!  The room was "cute," this place is "sweet.
"  I am personally offended by this place,  I don't know what you think is nice about it.
  The town is disgusting.
 It is gruesome.
  It is charming, it is quaint, it's like out of a storybook.
  Alexis, what the hell is the matter with you?!  Okay Stavros is flying in to get me,  and I am going to go live with him for a little bit.
  Well, that is not happening.
  And I am appalled that my baby girl  has turned into a selfish, duplicitous whore!  Oh, hello!  Hi, I'm Twyla.
 I'll be your waitress today.
  Anyway, I read about you guys,  and everything you've gone through, it sounds super crappy.
  Super crappy?  I had a second cousin in Elmdale  who did telemarketing, he made a ton of money.
  It turns out his entire business was illegal,  and he lost everything.
  Hm not quite the same.
  Yeah, no, he went to prison, which is terrible, but  But he is learning Spanish, no mas, le duele!  I think it means, "stop, it hurts.
"  Oh, wonderful anecdote.
  Could you give us a moment please?  Whenever you're ready, I'm just right over here.
  I forbid you to abandon our family.
  I am a grown woman, mother.
  This is an act of a spoiled child!  I think it's unforgivable!  I think that you're just super jealous,  'cause I'm getting out of here!  Also, you have a big thing of dandruff on your eyebrow.
  Don't do that! Kids, stop, stop!  The world is falling apart around us John,  and I'm dying inside.
  Well, I'm feeling a little queasy myself.
  Oh, brisket!  Give me some spale! David!  John  Oh my God! Umm  These rooms did have doors, didn't they?  Yeah, it's a hotel, they're hotel rooms!  It's a motel! These are motel rooms.
  What if they took our stuff?!  What stuff? There's no stuff to take.
  I have stuff!  Son of a bitch!  Yeah, I've got a problem.
  If this is about doors  Yeah, it's about doors, yeah, my doors are gone,  my front door, somebody stole my doors!  Yeah, you're gonna have to talk to Roland about that.
  He lives just down the street, you make a left out of the motel  and then another left.
  It's a house with a truck in the driveway.
  There's a bumper sticker of a naked Helen Mirren.
  Oh my God, no! No! No!  What?! Ah! My earrings! They were there.
  They're not there! Where did they go?  I don't know!  I don't know! First you threatened to abandon me,  and now my precious diamonds are gone!  Okay, you are super dramatic right now.
  Shut up and look for them!  Get open!  Roland, I see you behind the truck!  Yeah, of course you see me.
  I'm looking at my gravel.
  Gravel these days, what are you gonna do?  Yeah, it's gravel.
 Yeah, it's gravel!  Hey, good news for you.
  I talked to a guy about that bathroom window.
  That's the least of my concerns right now!  Oh really? Well, why don't we address your concerns?!  The doors! I want my doors back!  Oh! Before it gets dark!  My son is afraid of moths.
  Oh, hmm.
 Well, here's the thing about that Johnny,  you see, you did a bad thing.
  You disrespected me in front of your family!  And now they think less of me.
  I doubt that's possible.
  And to be honest, you were kinda breathing down our necks  a little bit back at the motel.
  Johnny, when I was a kid and I did a bad thing,  my father took the doors off my room.
  And he said to me, "Roland, privacy is earned.
"  I am having a tough time following that.
  What the hell does that have to do with privacy?  Nothing.
 I just got mad, and I took your doors.
  Look, if you took offense to anything I said  back at the motel, just know it wasn't personal.
  All right, apology accepted.
  Well, that was less of an apology,  and more of an explanation.
  Nevertheless, I accept your apology.
  Which it wasn't!  So thank you again for that apology.
  Well, there was no apology, and I can't do this anymore!  You said you're sorry in a very sweet and humble way,  and that takes a big man to do that,  and that's what Johnny Rose is! A big man! Ooh!  Oh!  Hello! Hello!  Hi, hello, come here, please.
  I don't suppose you saw any hobos or crackheads  loitering around the hotel today?  No crackheads, no  While the rooms were exposed to the world like a Moroccan fair,  someone got in here and stole my earrings.
  But it was just but it was just you here today.
  It was.
 It was.
  I'm assuming you were the only one here on the premises today?  I think I know where you're going with this.
  No, I'm simply confirming that you alone were here  when the earrings were stolen.
  Are you asking me if I stole your earrings?  No, I would never, please!  But I also would certainly never press charges  if my earrings were suddenly to be returned.
  If they suddenly reappeared,  if you gave them back I would not press charges,  I would look the other way.
  Okay, you know what? I gotta run.
  'Cause I wanna hit the pawn shop before it closes.
  I owe my crack dealer a ton of money, so.
  You seem like you have this under control, though.
  What just happened?!  David, I politely asked that concierge girl  if she had stolen my earrings, and she turned ice cold,  and now she's on her way to a pawn shop!  What?! I need a towel!  Hello, hi.
  Hi, I am sorry if my mom accused you  of taking something.
 It's fine.
  Okay, but does this mean that when you're cleaning our rooms,  you're gonna put weird stuff in our beds out of spite, or something?  I won't be cleaning your room.
  Okay, can I ask you a question?  Shoot.
  I think you're kind of rude!  Is that a question?  I have asked you thrice now for a towel,  so that I may wash this town off my body.
  Do you think I wanna be here?  Do you think I wanna be here?!  I don't know what you want,  you've given me one word answers since I got here!  So if I get you a towel you'll stop following me to my car?  Yes! Yes!  Fine, but I'm only doing this because you called me rude,  and I take that as a compliment.
  The man is a lunatic!  What the hell happened here?  We've been robbed.
  Right now some local is pawning my earrings for crank.
  Your diamonds?! Yes, my diamonds,  the one thing I could hide under my tongue.
  Moira, I took your earrings out of here,  and I put them in my shoe.
 For safekeeping.
  No! No!  Stavros just texted me.
  And he ended it, he's not coming!  He said he doesn't have time to come and get me,  because he already rsvp'd to Diddy's white party,  and doesn't have time to do both!  But I was supposed to be his date to the white party!  Alexis, he was never my favourite Stavros.
  I've hated that guy ever since he asked me  to do lines with him at my sixtieth.
  Just out of sheer curiosity,  um, where do you stand now  on whether or not you think this motel is cute?  Like, is it still cute, or is it  You're a dick, David!  Oh, I'm a dick!  Okay, did I dump you for a party?!  David, help me with the doors.
  No I can't, I just got out of the shower.
  I need help with the doors.
 Oh my God!  David, help him with the doors!  You help him with the doors! No!  David, could you help me with the doors?!  It's air drying!  Pick up a hammer, and nail this coffin shut!  As if I didn't see this coming.
  He's broken up with me five times already.
  Like, there was that time that he never met me in Rio,  and remember that time that he gave me  his ex wife's engagement ring?  And then, last summer,  that time that he left his Molly  in my glove compartment, and then I got arrested?  Oh my God! Can you do me a huge favour?  And never repeat this to anyone that you respect, okay?  Okay? Okay.
 Okay.
  Kids, we just came in to say good night,  and to remind you that we will get through this  Okay, good night! As a family  Warmest regards to you both.
  And that will end up on our feet in no time!  Of course, by then our feet will be shoeless,  and filthy and mangled,  from walking on cigarette butts and broken beer bottles.
  So, seriously Alexis, enough about Stavros!  I'm sorry if I am going through something right now!  You're going through something?!  Good night, children.
 Good night!  Good night.
 Good night.
  Let's all pray we don't wake up.
      

                




                    			1 (Crickets chirp)  (Dripping)  (Clicks light on)  Johnny: Moira! Moira! Moira: Hm.
  Moira: Oh no!  I just finally cried myself to sleep.
  Johnny: The bed is soaking wet.
  Moira: Is it blood?  Johnny: No! There's  there is leak in the ceiling.
  There is a brown disgusting drip coming.
  Moira: Owwww!  Johnny: Look it! Look oh my God.
  Moira: I can't do it.
 Johnny: This place is a dump! It's a dump  Moira: I tried! Johnny: You know what it's a hell hole.
  I tired, John, but I can't!  Johnny: Wake up.
  David: Ahh! Alexis: Ahh!  Johnny: Start packing, the plumbing is shot to hell in this place  and we are getting out.
 We are getting out!  David: What are you wearing? What is that? A nightgown?  Johnny: It's a nightshirt, David.
 And that's not the issue.
  The issue is the brown sludge in my bed.
  We're selling the place!  David: It's 6:00 am!  Johnny: What's the name of that mouthy kid at the front desk?  David: I don't know.
 I'm trying very hard not to connect with people right now.
  The mouth the mouth, the girl.
  David: You might want to rethink the nightgown first.
  There's an Ebenezer Scrooge thing happening right now.
  Alexis: Oh my God, that's who I was thinking of.
  Johnny: You know what?! I'll do it myself.
  My best to Bob Cratchit.
    (Shuts door)  (Rings bell)  Hello! Hello! Service?  This bell is broken.
  Stevie: Yeah, sorry.
  It's more or less decorative.
  Johnny: There's a leak in my room.
  Brown, disgusting sewage water was dripping all over my bed this morning.
  I was soaking wet.
 So I need a plumber.
  Stevie: You want me to call a plumber?  Johnny: (Incredulous) Do I want you to call a plumber?  Yes, yes I do.
 I want you call  You should already be on the phone.
  Could you call a plumber?  Stevie let's see if he's home or conscious.
  He's a good guy, he's just a big drinker.
  Johnny: I also need a real estate agent.
  The name of a good real estate agent right away.
  Stevie: Ooh, there's a guy named Ray.
  Yeah.
 He's the best one.
 He's also the only one so  A guy named Ray  Stevie: Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr.
 Rose?  Yes.
 My wife and I will be taking breakfast  in our room this morning.
  Eggs florentine and a yoghurt parfait.
  Stevie: Yeah unfortunately, due to a lack of everything,  we don't do room service.
  Uh, but you're always welcome to help yourself  to our complimentary espresso bar.
  Johnny: I'd rather drink the pipe-water.
  Stevie: I hear ya.
  Alexis: Ew! Who even is this girl?  He said he'd never date someone with a toe ring and yet  Moira: Rub my back.
 David: What?! No.
  Moira: I rubbed your back many a nights when you were little.
  David: Yeah, in exchange for half my allowance.
  Moira: Fine.
 You may select one silver piece from my accessory case.
  Right here.
 Alexis: Omigod  she has hakuna matata tattooed on her foot.
  David: Stavros was seeing escorts before you.
  A Disney tattoo shouldn't be a surprise.
  We said no social media post breakup.
 We had a pact about that.
  David: He dates hooker.
  Oh, well, I'm sorry, I don't hire my friends at model castings.
  Actually, now that I think about in, where are those friends?  David: They're just giving me space right now.
  Because they're considered people.
  Alexis: Oh right.
 Space.
 Yeah.
  David: Okay.
 Well, I think it's bests that he dumped you.
  Alexis: He didn't dump me.
  We actually both decided that it was best that he see other people so  Moira: Children, mindless bickering is a luxury we may no longer afford.
  You are blind to reality and for that I am most proud  but our worlds evil twin has reared her ugly  David: Okay.
 I'm taking my journal into the bathroom.
  Where I will be shutting the door.
  David! You might actually wanna hear this.
  (Slams door)  Ray: Oh hi!  Johnny: Are you Ray?  Ray: Yes.
 Johnny: You're late.
  Johnny Rrose.
 My wife, Moira.
  Moira: Hello.
 Ray: Hi.
  Oh, I love your complexion.
  Ray: So what can I help you with,  housing, investment opportunities?  Moira: Mr.
 Rose and I would like to put a for sale sign  on this incredible town.
  Johnny: We're willing to settle for what we paid for it.
  More if you can get it, but definitely not less.
  Ray: Well, I'm not gonna lie to you I'm not super optimistic.
  You know, because the government saw no value in Schitt's Creek.
  You know, when they repossessed your assets.
  You know, because of the humiliating  Johnny: Yes, we know.
 We know.
 We know.
  Ray: Well, we'll do our best.
  First we just have to get Roland to sign off on the listing  and then we're good to go.
  I need to confer with the financial powerhouse of the family.
  Since when did the mayor need to sign off on this?  Johnny: Ray, since when did the mayor need to sign off on this?  Ray: Well, it's all here  Son of a bitch!  (Cart rattles)  David: Oh, excuse me.
  I don't think my sheets have been cleaned.
  They smell like cigarettes.
  Stevie: No, that's just the way they smell.
  Also, you can tell your dad that the plumber was busy  so I just pushed the bed against the wall  and put down a bucket where the bed was.
  David: Okay.
 We're gonna be selling the town,  so it'll be someone else's problem soon.
  Stevie: But it's such a great place to live.
  I think you're funny.
  Thank you.
  Um, look I know this probably isn't your thing,  but there's a tailgate party later.
  It's not exactly clubbing but you know close.
  I don't even know what 'tailgate' means.
  In my mind I'm picturing like a Klan rally.
  Stevie: Yeah, just fewer pointy hats.
  It's just townies with un-ironic haircuts.
  David: Okay.
 I'm gonna pass I'm not really in the mood  to be a victim of a hate crime tonight so  Alexis: Okay.
  Stavros just posted three more photos.
  Who are these jenky women?  Uh, from the looks of it they're blonde and mostly naked so  (Exasperated exhale)  Is there a bar in this place  or are we in one of those religo cult towns?  Stevie: I was just telling your brother about a party tonight.
  But he passed so  Alexis: Um, yes.
 Love that journey for me.
  Okay, so I'm looking for a guy like a mechanic  or someone that hammers stuff.
  Um, at least 5'7.
 Kind of like full lips.
  Athletic body.
 Maybe a neck tattoo would be cute.
  David: No, it wouldn't.
  You know, I think this could be really good for me.
  So thank you.
  Stevie: You're welcome.
 Yeah.
 I'm looking forward to it.
  Having all that fun.
  Wow.
  (Birds chirp)  Roland: So Johnny Rose wants the ol' Johnny Hancock, huh?  Johnny: Well (Chuckles)  Shouldn't be a problem, Johnny.
  I'm happy to signoff on the listing.
  Johnny: Well, thank you, very much, Rolland, I appreciated.
  Roland: Sure.
 Why don't you come over tonight and pick it up.
  Johnny: Mr.
 Mayor, that's not necessary.
  No, no.
 Roland, a signature, that's all I need.
  Roland: Johnny look, here is what you're gonna do;  you're gonna grab the kids, you're gonna grab Moira,  you're gonna come over we're gonna sit down like civilized people,  have a few laughs,  and then at the end of the evening we'll get to the big signing, okay?  Johnny: Right.
 Okay.
 Honestly Roland, it's just a,  it's just a signature.
 A flick of the wrist.
 That's it.
  Roland: You're not rejecting my hospitality, are you, Johnny?  Because that really wouldn't be a good way  to start things off, I don't think.
  Johnny: No, no.
 I'd love to come to dinner are you kidding me?  No.
 I just thought, let's do business first,  get the signature, and then dinner.
  Johnny, you want that, to get that you need this.
  So let's just do this my way.
  Johnny: Yeah, yeah, sure.
 Yeah, dinner is.
  Roland: Dinner it is, atta boy.
 Okay.
  Moira: How did you not get the contract signed, John?  Can one thing, just one thing, not be easy in this town?!  Johnny: Look Roland's playing games, honey, he's playing games.
  So this is something we have to do.
  Alexis: Okay.
 Well, I would love to go,  but I've actually double booked myself.
  I'm going to a truck party um, with the front desk girl  and obviously she'd be super devastated  if I bailed last minute.
 So I can't.
  I can't go.
  Johnny: Okay.
 Well, cancel it because you're coming to dinner.
  Alexis: No.
  One of you kids has to come.
  Davis, you've got nothing on tonight.
  How how do you know that.
  What do you have on tonight?  David: What? Johnny: Good, it's settled.
  Moira: Or you could go alone, John.
  Since you are the one who did not get the contract signed.
  Johnny: Moira, Roland wants the family there tonight,  so my family has to go tonight.
  Let me explain something about business.
  Moira: Don't you dare Johnny: It's a dance.
  And sometimes you lead.
 and sometimes you follow.
  Moira: And which are you doing now, John?  Johnny: I am leading, Moira.
  Moira: In a Roland game I think you're following.
  Following in the game but leading in the dance, right?  And he thinks he's leading in the dance,  but only because I've allowed him to think  Moira: Are you listening to this? David: Hmm?  Johnny: It doesn't matter.
 I'm leading.
  Moira: I'll shall bathe.
  And if I bang my head and slip beneath the surface,  so be it, Mr.
 Rose.
 (Slams door)  Johnny: What's this? David: Uh yeah, Stevie called.
  Apparently the plumber's in rehab.
  And you also you have something on your  I don't know what that is but it's a thing.
  Alexis: David, for the gate party tonight is it more of a leather pants thing or   Son of a bitch!  Thanks for having us, Jocelyn.
 Thank you.
  Jocelyn: Make yourselves at home.
 Roland is just on the toilet.
  Johnny: Oh, what a surprise.
  David: You have a really lovely home.
 It's really um, understated.
  Jocelyn: Thank you.
 I get a lot of my ideas from magazines.
  Moira: Don't be modest.
 (Toilet flushes)  This is 100 percent you and only you.
  Roland hey, okay.
 It's the Roses.
 (Chuckles)  Come on, folk, please sit.
  Come on, I'm just the mayor for crying out loud.
  Ooh, hors d'oeuvres.
 Mmm.
  Jocelyn: That's too bad about Alexis.
  Well, it is.
 But we did bring the life of the party.
  Moira: Our David.
 (Johnny chuckles)  Roland: Well, I guess, that just means there is more for you and me, right Dave?  Jocelyn: I hope everyone likes a cheeseball.
  Cheeseball? (Polite chuckle)  It's the treat that keeps our love life percolating.
  It's like an aphrodisiac with him.
  Go ahead.
  Johnny: Oh yes, can't wait.
 Can't wait.
 Mmm.
  Jocelyn: So David, tell us about yourself I hear you're a gallerist.
  Roland: Wow.
 There's a $10 dollar word.
  Moira: David owned a brilliant gallery.
  Tell them about your last show.
  David: It's not  Moira: You must, please.
  Johnny: Tell them, David, tell them.
  David: The gallery worked with Janet Kempfluugen.
  Johnny: Kempfluugen?  She's a Brooklyn based performance artist she's a big deal.
  Anyway um she would walk into the space  wearing a clay mask of a fawn,  remove her clothing and breast feed members of the audience.
  It was a commentary on income inequality.
  Roland: Wow  Johnny: Heady stuff.
  Roland: Well, hmm  Alexis: Lipgloss?  Stevie: No thank you.
  Alexis: I wish I could pull off the whole gloomy, no makeup look.
  It's so French.
  Stevie: Thank you.
  Alexis: So, why are you single?  Stevie: Who said I'm single?  Alexis: Girl, we're on the hunt.
 I hope you're single.
  Stevie: Oh, no.
 I'm not "on the hunt".
  A town this size, you've either been through 'em  or know a little too much about 'em.
  Alexis: Hmm.
 Okay.
 I'm gonna go do a lap  and this swan is best when she flies solo.
  So you're gonna be okay? Stevie: I live here.
  Alexis: Okay.
 Am I good? Stevie: Hm-hm.
  Alexis: Yes? Okay.
 Thank you.
 Stevie: Are you not cold-  Chuck, beer!  (Effort grunts)  Roland: I know it's gotta be in here somewhere,  slippery little bastard.
  Johnny: Maybe a fork would help, Roland?  Roland: Oh, that's sweet.
 Thank you.
 I'm okay.
 I'll find it.
  Johnny: So is that the ah, contract over there?  Yeah, it is.
 You know, I gotta be honest with you,  I tried reading that thing it is really boring.
  Ah, got it! There she is! Okay.
  Ohh! Oh my God, honey oh, that is good.
  That is good.
  Moira: I believe you were saying, John.
  Johnny: Yes.
 This reminds me of a merger I put together in Zurich.
  It was two families breaking bread together.
  David: Ahh! Agh.
 My head.
 My head hurts.
  Jocelyn: Oh no! Are you okay?  David: Um, it think it's the migraines that I get a lot.
  Johnny: Oh, I think I think that'll pass, David.
  I don't think it's gonna pass.
 I don't think it's passing.
  Jocelyn: Migraines can be so awful.
  Johnny: Yeah, well, not this one.
 Not this one.
  David: Yeah, you know what? I I think I need to go.
  Johnny: I think you need to eat something and that will help.
  No, I think I need to go back.
  Moira: (Quietly) Take me with you please.
  Johnny: David, sit down.
 Sit down.
 Sit back down.
  David: Jocelyn, thank you so much for dinner.
  Roland: Why don't you lay down on our mattress.
  The sheets are in the dryer but there is rubber pad.
  No.
 Thanks.
 Johnny: David! Don't go near the door.
  David! Do not open that door.
 (Door slams shut)  I brought vodka as a house gift.
  I don't see it.
  (Rock music plays, low hum of party chatter)  (Engine roars)  Alexis: That's what I say.
 (Laughs) Great.
  I'm Twyla from the cafe.
 Yeah.
  David: Yeah.
 Davis Rose.
  Twyla: I'm a little drunk.
 David: Hm-hmm.
  Stevie: Hey.
Twyla: Hey Stevie.
  Twyla: I am going to roast myself a marshmallow.
  Anybody? Stevie: No.
 Thanks.
  Twyla: You're all good? David: No.
  Twyla: Great.
  Stevie: I don't know why you were so reluctant to show up here.
  You fit right in.
  David: Well, my sister texted me "help".
  And my mind went straight to deliverance.
  So I wasn't too far off.
  Stevie: That's funny because your sister texted me from across the bonfire  and said you'd probably show up here  because you were bored and lonely  and had nothing better to do.
  David: Well, my sister is a broken shell of a human being.
  That's where that's coming from so  Stevie: Oh, okay.
  Oh.
 Well, she seems fine.
  Are you serious? That's so funny.
 That's so funny.
  So I guess you're free to go.
  David: I'm gonna need a stiff drink to get through this.
 Stiff.
  (Smacking lips loudly)  Moira: So Jocelyn, you were saying that you teach high school,  or you want to finish high school?  I'm not sure, I couldn't hear over your husband's chewing.
  I teach high school.
  Oh, you're a saint.
  I love it.
 I love connecting with the young people.
  Although I know those boys are undressing me every time  I drop a piece of chalk.
  Yeah.
 Well, maybe we should hold onto our chalk, hmm?  Jocelyn: They're boys! It's cute.
  Moira: (Quietly) John  Roland: Oh, there it is! There it is!  The Vivien Blake bitch face! Moira: Excuse me?  Roland: I didn't want to say anything,  but you were my favourite character on "Sunrise Bay".
  Moira: Thanks.
 Jocelyn: It's true.
  He lived for "Sunrise Bay".
  I could be doing cartwheels in a thong  in front of that television, which I have done,  but if your show was on, I was as good as wall paper.
  Roland: Hey, how many people did you slap on that show?  Moira: I don't care.
  Johnny: She can't remember, there were so many slaps.
  Moira: Enough about me.
  Let's talk about you signing this contract.
  Roland: Well, somebody is in a little hurry, ain't she?  Johnny: No, no.
 We're not in a hurry.
 No.
  Moira: Aren't we? Johnny: No.
 We're not.
 No.
  Moira: Really? Roland: There it is again! Bam!  Okay, I'll tell you what, Vivien Moira: Moira.
  Roland: I will go ahead and sign off on the sale   Moira: Good.
 Roland:  For a slap.
  Excuse me?  Roland: I've always wanted to be slapped by Vivien Blake.
  Jocelyn: It's true.
 We've role-played it like a thousand times,  but it's not the real thing.
 Roland: Hm-hm.
  Moira: You'd like me to slap you?  Roland: Yeah.
 Moira: I don't think  Roland: Well, don't think.
 Just do it.
 Slap me.
  Johnny: He wants you to slap him.
 Moira: I won't.
  Jocelyn: Slap him, Moira.
 Johnny: Go ahead and slap him.
  Jocelyn: Slap my husband, Moira.
  Moira: John, I won't! Johnny: Slap him or I'll slap him.
  Roland: Slap me! Moira: I won't.
  Roland: Slap me like a bitch! Moira: Sign the fucking contract!  (Elated breaths)  (Alexis laughs) Okay.
  Um this has been a lot of fun,  but I'm starting to smell a little too much like uh, campfire,  and denim and plaid and stuff so bye.
  Stevie: Your choices are beer or beer.
  David: I assume a pint glass is out of the question?  Alexis: You came! How was dinner?  David: Um worse than this?  Although at this point it's sort of a moving target.
  Stevie: Here hold this.
  So there are no guys for me here.
  But it was kind of nice to just like to flex the old muscle.
  Stevie: Put your thumb over the tube.
  Agh, I kind of wanna just go for it but  But sometimes it doesn't work out, I guess.
 David: Yeah.
  Stevie: Okay, put the tube in your mouth.
 David: What? Uh  Yeah.
 Just open your throat.
 David: Oh.
  Stevie: And go down, 'cause you're tall.
  Alexis: Okay.
 David, how long are you gonna be doing this?  Okay, just come and get me after you vomit, okay?  Stevie: Just widen your throat!  You!  Stevie: Chug! Crowd: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!  Crowd: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!  Crowd: Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!  Alexis: Are you ready?  (Cheering, laughing)  (Humming)  And that's the last one there! Done!  (Claps)  Ronald: Already.
  There you go, Johnny, congratulations.
  Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
  Just remember one thing, okay?  This is my town and you're gonna play by my rules.
  Comprende?  (Laughs) I'm just messing with you, man!  Come on! (Johnny laughs uneasily)  Johnny: Wow.
 Roland: Or am I?  (Laughs) No.
 I am.
  Johnny: Moira! Shall we? Moira: Yeah.
  Moira: Jocelyn, thank you for an unforgettable evening,  I will be dining out on this for years.
  Jocelyn: I'll send you the recipes.
  Yes, Jocelyn, words can't express.
  Roland: Seriously, Johnny, good luck selling the town.
  You sure gonna need it.
 Johnny: Why's that?  Roland: Well, it took a while to sell the first time.
  I mean, it was on the market for like what 20 years  before you bought it.
  Johnny: 20 years?  Roland: Yeah.
 I mean, most people just thought it was a waste of money  that it would never sell, you know?  Who in their right mind would buy it!  (Laughs) Then along came you.
  (Anxious sigh)  Moira: John! Did you know this town was on the market for 20 years  before we bought it?  How would I know that? W why would I know that?  I didn't know that.
  But look, let's look at the bright side  Moira: There is no bright side.
  This is the dark side of the moon, Johnny.
  And we'll be here another 20 years, tucked in a crater, lost to all.
  Johnny well, you know what?  I think that's being a little dramatic.
  Moira: Yes! It's dramatic! (Slams door)  Sweetheart! We got the thing signed, okay?!  And if we have to fix this town up before we sell it,  then we fix it up.
  We fix it up, bit by bit.
  And it's gonna take hard work but we can do it  because we're Roses.
  And there is nothing we can't do Alexis: Hi hi  Alexis: You're being super loud right now.
 David: I can hear you thought the headphones!  Alexis: So if you can just wrap it up in here.
  David: 10 to a 5.
 Thanks.
  I feel good about this.
 I really do.
  (Dripping)  What the hell is this?  The town sign.
  Bag boy at the grocery store.
  Which is what?  40, 45-something and hour?  "Good riddance,"  is what they said.
  Are we having a bad day, honey?      

                




                    			1 (Car door slams)  Johnny: So, this is the town limits?  Ray: Yes sir, 4,500 acres that ends right here at the town sign.
  And it's all yours, Johnny, it must be a nice feeling,  considering you don't have a lot right now.
  You know, because of the crooked business manager.
  You know, the money scandal  Yes, I know, I know, I know, Ray.
  What the hell is this?!  Ray: The town sign.
  Johnny: Is this the real sign, or the joke sign?  Ray: What do you mean?  Johnny: You don't see anything wrong with this?  The man!  Standing awfully close to that woman, wouldn't you say?  Johnny: Well, he's holding on to her so she doesn't fall into the creek.
  Johnny: Look a little closer, Ray.
  Ray: Well, it need a little sprucing up.
  Johnny: Sprucing up?! Ray: It's very popular,  people come from all over to take a picture with it.
  Johnny: I'll bet they do!  You know what? This is coming down!  Ray: That's the mayor's family up there!  The sign's been here over forty years.
  Johnny: And you wonder why this place won't sell?  Oh, I think I see it now.
 His shoulders are too big.
  Johnny: Get in the car, Ray.
   (Door creaks open) Moira?  Boy, we've got our work cut out for us.
  But I've seen worse.
  It's not a problem.
  Moira?  Moira: (Slurred) They dare to call me irrelevant?  Shag carpeting, that's irrelevant!  L.
A.
 is irrelevant   I am relevant!  "Good riddance," is what they said.
  Oh, who said that, sweetheart?  Moira: I don't know!  They're no name commentors.
  Tormentors.
 Are we having a bad day, honey?  Moira: Anonymous.
  Ominous.
  That'll be fine, thank you.
  I'm afraid I don't have a gratuity right now.
  Alexis: So, that guy from the other night.
  He's not for me, right? David: What guy?  That beardy guy that I kissed at the party.
  He's gross, right? Like, that's not a thing for me.
  There wasn't like, a spark or anything.
  You mean the hitchhiker that was burning meat over a garbage can?  Yeah, that one.
  Have you seen your mother today?  Um yeah, she was face down on the carpet  before dragging herself into the closet.
  And you didn't say anything?!  I thought she was maybe looking for a contact or something.
  Johnny: Yeah, she googled herself again,  now she's having one of her "things.
"  How bad is it?  Johnny: How bad is it? A solid seven.
  It's not an eight, which seems manageable for you.
  Johnny: Well, except I've got a few things I have to take care of,  so I need you two to go in, and take  No, I did Saint-Tropez, so.
  David: And I did her birthday, and Aspen twice.
  Johnny: And I'm trying to sell this town.
  So, if you kids want any chance of getting out of here,  you'll help me out, and go in and look after your mother!  Well, my horoscope said that I shouldn't assume  responsibility for anybody but myself today.
  Johnny: Yeah, and my horoscope says,  why don't you go in and help your mother!  And don't let her out of your sight, okay?  We don't want her detonating in public!  Alexis: I know!  Though it is kind of fun to watch, though.
  Not when you're the one she's trying to back over with a car.
  What's that?  David: Eye cream.
 Johnny: From where?  David: From Paris.
  How did you pay for it?  David: Oh, one of my credit cards is still working.
  Johnny: Oh, you're charging things to your credit card?!  I see, and how are you gonna pay for it?  David: I don't think you understand, I already have it.
  Well, I know this is a bizarre concept for you, David,  but if you want cream from Paris, you need a job,  so you can pay for the cream from Paris!  Okay well, tell that to the bags under my eyes, then.
  Johnny: And right after you tell your next joke,  I want you to go down to the front desk,  and ask what's-her-name  Stevie.
  Johnny: Where you can get a job around here! All right?  I'm in the middle getting rid of an x-rated sign,  before it scares off the few buyers we might actually have!  Okay, I'll get on that.
  Johnny: You want the smooth under eyes of a 16-year-old, get a job!  (Door slams)  You just need to relax, because it's not like your boyfriend left you  for a Scandinavian flight attendant!  What kind of name is Kika anyway?  I'm the one that should be in the closet right now, not you.
  Moira: Help me out.
  Moira: Help me! Alexis: Okay!  Moira: Oh, shhh! My foot's fallen asleep.
  Hey, shall we see what they're saying about you and Stavros?  Alexis: No! Moira: It's not my idea!  Moira: You were a couple of doe eyed lovers  aboard a trans-Atlantic airship filled with gas!  Alexis: You know what I think we should do?  I think we should go get something to eat,  because when you're eating you can't be talking to me, okay?  Moira: You know what I think? Alexis: What?  (Snorts like a pig)  You date pigs.
  Okay, I just remembered that being a mother is not your strong suit.
  Oh darling, I'm only telling you because it's true!  Alexis: And because you gobbled down a hundred thousand  anti-depressants this morning.
  Moira: I was hungry! But I could still eat.
  (Stapler clicks)  David: Hi, um question.
  If one were to theoretically look for a job  here in Schitt's Creek, where would you  suggest that that person go to look?  Is there, like, a bulletin board or a pamphlet,  or something with information on it?  Stevie: No, no bulletin board  What kind of job are you looking for?  David: Um, something in like, art curating, or trend forecasting.
  Stevie: Oh, okay um, hmmm, let's see.
  Not seeing anything in art curating,  or trend forecasting, that's weird.
  David: Okay.
  Um, do you have any other skills or areas of expertise?  I've been told I have really good taste.
  Oh, well, that's good.
  Um, let's see Oh!  Bag boy at the grocery store.
  I don't know what that is.
  You put groceries in bags,  so that people can carry their groceries  out of the grocery store.
  Okay, and how much do you think that would pay?  Mmm, I'm gonna say minimum wage.
  Johnny: Which is what, forty, forty-five something an hour?  Mmm-hmm, exactly.
 David: Okay.
 Okay!  Um, well, something to think about.
  For sure, thank you.
  Stevie: You're welcome.
  Moira: I would like two apple fritters,  sliver of pecan pie, large fries with gravy and bacon!  Alexis: Okay, so, she will have scrambled egg whites  and some steamed spinach, please, thank you.
  Moira: And some pecan pie! Onion rings, and ice cream!  Actually, none of that, and I will have a tea, thank you.
  Okay.
  Um, Mrs.
 Rose, are you okay? You seem a bit  Alexis: Mm-hmm, she's fine.
 Moira: I'm fine.
  (Bell on door jingles)  Alexis: Um  Hey! Stay here, okay? Don't move!  Oh wow, I'm really bored.
  Hey! Hey! Hey you! Hey!  Hey, so I just wanted to be clear  about what happened the other night.
  The reason that I let you kiss me.
  Um, you kissed me.
  Yeah, no, I can see how that would be confusing,  but I just wanted to let you know  that that was just me going through some stuff.
  Cool.
  Um, hey!  So, why do they give you table scraps?  Are you, like, a poor person, or?  Uh, no, but thanks for asking.
  No, I use it to compost.
  You know, that way nothing gets thrown out.
  Composting?  Yeah, no, I I know composting.
  Um, Gwyneth Paltrow does a compost gift exchange.
  I'm gonna go.
  Alexis: Okay, great, I'm glad that we could clear this up.
    Bob: Speak of the devil.
  Good morning.
  Ray! Hi.
 Ray: Hi.
  Johnny: I I just stopped by to make an appointment  to see the town council.
  Bob: You're looking at us.
  I'm Bob, that's Ronnie, you know Ray.
  Johnny: Yes, yes, Ray.
  Spent a wonderful morning with Ray.
  Well, I can see you've got a million things on your plate,  so I'll get to the point, it's about the town sign.
  I told you he wouldn't let this go!  (Ray and Bob chuckle)  The sign tells people what to expect when they're in town.
  Do you have a problem with that message?  A major problem, Bob.
  Yeah, you see, it's the first thing you see when you drive in,  and as the owner of the town,  I'd like to convey a better, cleaner image.
  There's a lot of history in that sign, Johnny.
  Schitt history.
  Ronnie: That's all we need,  some outsider coming in here and changing everything.
  If it ain't broke, don't fix it!  (Fork clinks)  Hello, Moira! Moira: (Gasps) Hi!  How are you?  I'm eating egg whites,  and hoping the building will collapse.
  Anyways, I have a giant favour.
  My class is putting on a play for the younger grades, and I just  thought that you'd be perfect,  you know, to help coach the kids.
  Because they'd be thrilled to have someone like you,  an actual star teach them?  That must have taken such courage to ask me that.
  But in show business boldness is rewarded,  so my answer is yes.
  Yes, yes!  That is such good news! (Bleep), I know!  So, how'd it go?  I met with a woman at a very sad grocery store,  and I have a quote unquote interview to be a bag boy.
  Johnny: Hey, that's great!  David: That's all that I'm apparently qualified to be.
  When's the interview?  This afternoon.
  Well, the interview's where you make  your first good impression, so, it's gotta count.
  I'm interviewing to be a bag boy,  not a personal injury lawyer.
  David, I've had enough people hire enough people in my day  to know exactly what they're looking for in an interview,  so, let's go! Let's get up.
  (Claps)  For what?  (Knocking)  Come in!  Ah, David Rose.
  You're applying for the bag boy position.
  David: Yeah.
  Johnny: Tell me David, why do you want this job?  I don't want this job.
  Well, thank you very much, and don't expect a phone call!  David: Okay.
 Johnny: All right, do it right!  Or let's not do it.
  Now, we're gonna start again.
  David: Okay.
 Johnny: Tell me, David, why do you want this job?  I ran out of eye cream.
  Okay, you're not gonna get this job.
  You're not gonna get this job!  You know why? Your attitude sucks!  David: Okay Johnny: And look at how you're dressed!  Johnny: What is this?! Colostomy bag pants!  I'm the manager of a family run grocery store.
  I'm not gonna hire you!  You're not gonna get the job, you're the last person  David: Okay! Johnny: Where's your mother?  Alexis: Whew!  Where's your mother? Alexis: What?  Aaaaaah! Alexis: Aaah? What?!  Johnny: Where's your mother?! Alexis: She's with Jocelyn.
  Johnny: With Jocelyn? Alexis: She's fine!  And I'm fine too, if anybody cares.
  I told you to watch her!  Alexis: I did watch her!  I watched her talk to Jocelyn.
  (Sighs deeply)  Moira: Okay, how many of you beautiful young things  have a background in the theater?  Raise your swords!  I see, a class grounded in realism, nice work.
  Because that is where we find our deepest well.
  May I be up front?  Jocelyn: Yes.
  We're not here to play, or to have fun!  You will work until it hurts!  (Horn honks)  Hey, come here a second!  Hey, just the man I wanna see!  So word on the street is that you're all freaked out  about the town sign, is that right?  No, no, I'm not freaked out about the town sign, I just  And that you have some sort of problem with my family,  Roland:  Or something, is that it?! Johnny: No, no, no, this is not about your family.
  Roland: Oh, it's not? Johnny: It's not about your family.
  Roland: Oh, really? Okay, interesting.
 Johnny: No, no, no.
  In the car, come on!  In, let's go!  Come on, Kaylee, try this.
  It's cool.
  Tiffany: I can be cool without drugs, Mark!  Moira: Okay, stop! No one speak.
  Not a word!  (Wordless grunting)  It's not your fault, the script is garbage!  Okay, which one of you wrote this?  Jocelyn: I did.
  Jocelyn, have you ever been addicted to drugs?  No!  Then write what you know, okay?  The quiet suffering of a woman  trapped in a relationship with a simpleton.
  That's not what I know Moira,  and drug awareness is part of the curriculum, so.
  I'm gonna work with these two.
  What is it that you want?  To go home.
  Is that where you keep the stash?  You want the marijuana?  Yes?  Moira: No, you want to be seen, and heard, and loved!  Now, what is it you need?  It's different, be careful, what is it you need?  (Shouting) What is it you need?  (Birds chirp)    Okay.
 Ahem!  (Knocking)  (Door creaks)  Hey!  Um, were you working out or something? Or  Ah, sort of.
  Okay, well, I'm sorry for interrupting.
  Um, I just I happened to be in the area, so  Twyla: Mutt?  Mutt: Um just  Alexis!  Twyla! (Laughs falsely)  I didn't know you two were uh  Did you wanna come in?  I was just about to make some tea.
  Alexis: Mmm, no, I'm good.
  Uh, I should be getting back to my mom,  who's not well, yeah, so, I'm gonna go.
  Mutt: Okay.
 Twyla: Oh.
  You guys have fun!  Thanks!  (Alexis laughs hollowly) Alexis: Bye!  Blaaaaah!  Roland: That is my great grandfather up there, Horace Schitt.
  He was a visionary, Johnny!  He discovered this land, he developed it,  and he turned it into the little slice of heaven that it is.
  And I'm proud of him! You understand that?  Roland, you've got this all wrong.
  Why do you hate me?  I don't hate you! I don't hate you!  Well then, why do you have a problem with a sign  that celebrates my family?  It's not, it's just the way they're celebrating, that's all!  Roland: Okay, so now you hate my family.
  Johnny: I don't hate your family!  Roland: Well then, what is your big fat problem with the sign?!  Johnny: It looks like your great grandfather's (Bleep)  your great grandmother right up the ass!  Oh my go that is so demented!  You can't tell me you don't see that!  Well, you know, now that you put that creepy thought in my head,  sure, I I see it, but you got it all wrong, pal!  Let me enlighten you, Mr.
 Johnny Rose!  That isn't even Horace's wife!  That's his sister.
  Well, how does that make it any better?  Ohhh!  Well, I don't know how they do things where you come from,  but around these parts,  we don't do that sort of thing with our sisters!  Roland, how is anybody driving past this sign  supposed to know the woman getting banged from behind  is that man's sister?!  Roland: Oh my.
 Johnny: Oh my! Yes, oh my!  All right, Johnny, well I never really looked at it that way,  but now I get it, okay,  well, all right, I'll do something about it,  I'll fix it, all right?  And thank you, thank you for bringing that up to me.
  Johnny: Good.
  Good!  Jocelyn, we're going off book!  Jocelyn: Well, actually, we're running out of time.
  Forget the lines, forget the lines!  Let's just be in character, shall we?  Oh, could you be stiffer?!  Just watch, please.
  Ahem! Start wherever.
  Um Do you wanna smoke a joint?  Oh Mark, you are better than this.
  You can't let others define you.
  Look at me!  Never let the bastards get you down!  (Whispering) Can't say bastard! Okay.
  You must prepare for life,  and whatever it will throw at you.
  The opportunities will diminish,  and the ass will get bigger,  oh, you can bet your bottom dollar it will!  Especially yours.
  You're going to have a huge ass.
  And you, future baldy.
  Sorry, hairless, homeless!  So what? Who cares?  When they get mean, you tell them to go to hell!  Because only you know who you are!  And those cruel Internet people  cannot take that away from you!  You will forge on!  And you will find some glimmer of something to hold on to.
  And only then will you find your way back.
  Only then will you become once again who you are!  Lady standing!  (Sobs)  (Groans)  Good, you're gettin' the hang of it.
  David: Well, putting groceries in a bag  is not as complicated as one might think.
  Store manager: Watch the eggs.
 What did I say?  David: You said put them in a separate bag.
  Store manager: Good.
 Quick learner.
  Woman on P.
A.
: David Rose, line one.
  David: Sorry, I just gotta just one thank you.
  Hello?  Hey, how's it going?  Yeah, I can't talk right now, so.
  Johnny: Ah, they're working you hard, huh?  Yeah, I can't talk, so I'm gonna hang up, bye.
  Sorry, sorry about that.
  Someone's on a health kick, huh?  Woman on P.
A.
: David Rose, line one.
  I'm just gonna scoot past.
  Yeah? Johnny: You hung up.
  Sorry.
  Okay.
  Where were we?  Woman on P.
A.
: (Annoyed) David Rose, line one!  Right.
  Take that off.
  Hand that to you.
  Now I'm gonna I'm gonna go.
  This is worse.
 This is much worse!  David: You did this? Johnny: No, I didn't do this, I tried to fix this!  Well, it it is what it is.
  Okay, it looks like  I know what it looks like, Alexis!  I know!        

                




                    			Oh, those unsightly rolls  Oh, that unattractive austere diet  Oh-ho-ho those stubborn thighs.
  Say goodbye to ugly fat! Say  David? Can you come here please?  Exercise miracle you've ever seen!  David, can you come in here please?!  What?  Well, come in here and I'll tell you.
  Well, why don't you just tell me from there? David  You could've already told me.
 I want to speak face to face.
  Motels this size we're basically always face to face.
  In the same room.
  Why are you yelling? I'm right here.
  I want you to move your clothes.
  I did.
 Out of my closet.
  You've got t-shirts on hangers.
  I've nowhere to hang my clothes.
  Well, put them over the t-shirts then.
  Moira Alexis!  No, no, it's David I want.
  I need to speak with our daughter.
  Good luck.
  Oh my God! Where did you hear that?!  Yeah? What is it?  I need you to fill this out please.
  Fill what out?  Your community service papers.
  As our only delinquent, I hope it's not asking too much.
  I still have to do that?  Generally, that's how it works, honey.
  When you break the law, you've gotta serve your sentence.
  Well, it was one DUI.
  Please, before I lose my mind.
  I don't get it.
 It's all done.
  No, there's still a little bit that needs to be filled in.
  Um all that's missing is my middle name.
  Then fill it in please.
  Do I have to do that?  Why must you be so constantly irksome?  Do you not know my middle name?  Of course I do.
 I blessed you with it.
  Okay, so um then what name should I put down then?  Alexis, do as your mother says, please.
  Do you know my middle?  If I said, "Anna"  I can't believe this.
  Alexis something rose.
  We have so many disasters bombarding us right now, my dear,  the middle name of an ungrateful child  is hardly a priority.
  Wait.
 Alexis has a middle name?  Why is this the first time hearing of this?  Do do I have a middle name?  Now you come into the room.
   Have we failed them, John? I'm worried about our children.
  Are we terrible parents?  Terrible parents?!  We sent them to the best boarding schools,  we hired the best nannies We did everything right.
  I mean, they're not overly affectionate with us  and, uh, there's a lot more disrespect than I'd like,  but, uh, no, we're good parents.
  But who are they?  Well, it might be nice to get to know them better, I suppose.
  Wouldn't it, John?  But who has time amidst all this chaos?  Mm.
 I get it.
  So what's your deal? You're pretty.
  What's that like?  Um it's good.
  Yeah, lots of doors open up for pretty people.
  Mm-hmm, clearly, as I register for community service.
  So what'd you do?  Um I drove into the Prada Store on Rodeo Drive.
  In fairness, it did look a lot like,  um, the entrance to a parking garage.
  Uh-huh.
  And I was high at the time.
  Are you high right now?  No, I'm not.
  Well, you might wanna be,  'cause this isn't exactly thrilling work.
  And you won't be gettin' any chit chat from your buddy.
  What buddy?  You're not the only druggy in town, Hun?  Ronnie.
 Mm.
  Here's your garbage stick.
  You use it to pick up garbage.
  And here  Oh no, I'm fine.
  Thank you, that's very sweet.
  This isn't say yes to the dress, princess.
  Orange is the new orange.
  'Kay.
  Who needs 14 Grey suits?  What am I supposed to do with my dry clean onlys?!  I'm still trying to figure out  why you'd own more than one piece of clothing  you can't put in a washing machine.
  You try putting a cashmere sweater in the washing machine.
  It'll bite your wrist.
  That's a problem I'd like to have.
  Are these all your clothes?  Yeah.
  What's this, then?  That's a sweater.
  It's one chromosome away from a crocheted blanket.
  What?  It's just your clothes, they're all kind of funky.
  Funky?  Yeah.
 Funky.
  Yeah, no, no, no.
 I'm just trying to figure out  What about this What about this is funky?  I'm just having a hard time understanding.
  It's just, you know, like funky.
 Different.
  Yeah, funky is a neon t-shirt  you buy at an airport gift shop,  next to a bejeweled iPhone case.
  This this is luxury.
  There's a lot of stuff here.
  Have you ever considered selling some of this.
  These are my things.
  I've hand-selected each of these things;  they mean a lot to me.
  How much do you think I can get for this?  So you got busted for selling drugs?  Like hard drugs? Like  Did you wear a Hazmat suit and work in a trailer?  No.
 It was just weed and mushrooms, uppers.
  Mostly to truckers and my high school teachers.
  Mm-hmm.
 It's actually pretty clean around here,  which is shocking considering the state of our motel room.
  Speaking of unfit homes, why do you live in a barn?  What's wrong with living in a barn?  Mm nothing, if you're a goat.
  Well, it serves its purpose.
  It seems to With the ladies.
  That's just a joke.
  I'm sorry for walking in on you and Twyla the other day.
  No, it's cool.
  So how long have you two been together-  So, listen, I gotta take off for a bit.
  I got this thing I gotta do.
 Can you cover for me?  Um I mean Cool.
  Yeah.
 Thanks.
 Sorry.
  Excuse me! What am I supposed to keep doing here?  I feel like we should break these into categories.
  Um fit, fabric,  and nationality.
  Or we could do this.
  I um  Keep or sell? Well, those are-  Keep or sell.
 Uh  Just keep or sell.
 Sell.
 Sell them.
  I got these at a showroom in Paris.
  I got these on clearance rack at Target.
  $850.
 850 what?  Eight hundred-dollars?!  $850 dollars.
 $850 dollars?  These are a collector's.
 There's a woman in Paris that makes them by hand, so  My car's worth less than your pants.
  Well, I've seen your car and that makes sense to me.
  Okay then.
 Right.
  We'll try to get $850 dollars for your pants.
  Keep or sell?  I don't know.
  Oh  You know, I think the reason our kids are so casual with us  is because they think of us as their friends.
  Hmm, no.
  No, it's obvious.
 It's obvious, Moira, right?  Because we're hip parents.
  Oh, John And that comes at a price.
  John, we're not hip.
  I'm hipper than you but in our childrens' eyes  we are the polar antonym of hip.
  Well, somehow we've lost touch with our kids.
  We've become complete strangers.
  Hey! Have we decided?  Just coffee, please.
  Uh Twyla, do you get along with your parents?  I did.
  It's a little different now.
  My mom has this thing where half the time she thinks I'm her cousin Angela.
  And it's getting harder and harder  to coordinate visitation times with my dad in prison.
  I'm sorry I asked.
  Oh, that's okay! I'll get you your coffees.
  Your mother and I have been talking  and we've come to the realization  that we've not been very good parents.
  Sadly, and most of the time,  we have no interest in what's going on with you.
  We have no idea what.
 'Cause she means no idea.
  We have lost touch as a family  and if we're gonna get through this ordeal together,  we have got to get reacquainted.
  Now, back at Rose Video, we had management retreats  where we would play fun team-building exercises-  You also had company-wide spa days.
  Why don't we try that?  And one of the ice breakers at these retreats  was a game that was always a hit.
  And it was a game where somebody  would tell a lie about themselves,  and then a truth, and then another lie,  and everybody would have to guess which one was the lie.
  No, Johnny, they had to guess which one was the truth.
  Mm which one was the lie.
  It's just-it's just one lie.
  What did I say? You said two lies.
  Well, it is two lies.
 No, it's  No, the game is "two truths and a lie.
"  It's truth.
 That's the game.
  So you've heard of it.
 You've heard of it.
  Well, yeah, because babies play that at their birthday parties.
  Okay, whatever.
 It's a good game.
  Okay? Now, here's how it goes.
 I'll give you an example.
  Why don't I start? Um, I'm miserable,  drunk, and hate this game.
  So here's a hint Sadly, I'm not drunk.
  Okay, wrong attitude.
 That's the wrong-right off the top!  Okay, my turn, my turn, my turn.
  Um okay.
 My eyes are brown,  I am basically sample-sized,  and one time I escaped from a Thai drug lord's car trunk  by bribing him with sex.
  Right idea, honey, but you know what?  It's gotta be more challenging for everybody-  Her eyes are aqua.
  You did what?  I'm kidding!  I clearly would never bribe anybody with sex.
  When were you in Thailand?!  I told you that I was on spring break.
  Everyone can just calm down  because Aroon was a lovely gentleman  until he ran out of money.
  How many people do you know  that are currently in the prison system?  Is it like twelve? Um, I'm pretty sure just two.
  All right, that's enough.
 Good game.
  Good game, everybody! Alexis you're grounded.
  No! That was ten years ago,  and everybody does dumb stuff in high school.
  You were 17?!  Did you know this?  As if.
 I don't do girl talk.
  Okay, everybody does dumb stuff everywhere.
  For example, I saw Mutt today  the guy that lives in the barn  making out with the mayor's wife.
  What's-her-face?! Mm-hmm.
  And the homeless kid?  Mm-hmm.
 Guys like that will bone anything.
  Well, not anything.
 Stop.
  'Cause that would mean Stop.
 Stop.
  That would include Stop it.
  You.
 Which it doesn't.
 Don't.
  Ew.
  You know, I remember when Alexis  was just a chubby-faced little girl  racing around the house in that banned babywalker,  and now she's spending time  In a drug lord's trunk?!  Oh, that is my favourite Liam Neeson movie.
  Johnny.
 Johnny, look who's come in.
  Is it true?  Politician's neglected wife sleeps with a ranch hand.
  I love it.
 He's not a ranch hand.
  He's a vagrant in a barn.
  Hi there! Moira.
  Jocelyn.
 Hi.
 Johnny, hi.
  You look amazing.
 Utterly alive.
  I don't feel it.
 My lower back is completely shot.
  Oh, dear.
 Why would that be?  Age?  Even the slightest twitch in bed throws it out.
  Perhaps a new position would help?  Would like to join us?  No, I ate already.
  Couldn't put another thing in my mouth.
  Well, that's  Okay.
 All right then.
  Oh my God.
  They sell all kinds of stuff.
  Hey, Wayne.
 Hey, Stevie.
  Um so this is my friend David.
  David Rose.
 What are your consignment percentages?  Uh, this is a thrift shop.
  Okay.
 Do you have sales representative?  Who will be pricing these items?  Uh me.
  Okay.
  Is there a problem, Wayne?  It's just  I can't really use any of this.
  It's too, you know  Funky?  Sure.
 Let's go with that.
  Okay, let's take your oily hands off my clothes.
  You sure you can't take any of this stuff?  Some of this stuff's pretty good.
  Um maybe we can use the sneakers.
  Maybe the sneakers? This is French suede,  with a vulcanized-rubber instep, okay?  You've lost my trust and my business, so  We'll be leaving now.
  Sorry.
 What is this place?  What is this place?!  Ha!  Ugh!  So what happened to you yesterday?  What happened to me?  Yeah, I came back you were gone.
  Well, I had to do most of the shift by myself.
  So thank God I had my rape whistle.
  Sorry.
 I had some stuff I had to take care of.
  And did you get your stuff taken care of?  Yeah, I guess.
  'Cause it It seems to me like  you get your stuff taken care of pretty regularly.
  By multiple people, if you know what I mean.
  I don't.
  Look, I know you probably think  that you're this handsome man around town who's like  Handsome, mysterious And handsome and homeless-y  but you're better than that, you know?  What?  Like, I don't judge.
 Trust me.
  I have been I have been in the middle  of some very messy group scenarios  and I know how weird it can be, so  Are you okay?  Yeah.
  I'm just saying that your secret is safe with me.
  Wink.
  Let me just say, I get it.
  How much can one person take?  Well, may-maybe this is not our place, Moira.
  And where does all that pent up energy go?  I should go.
  Hey Hey.
  Where have you been? I've been looking for you all morning.
  Around.
 Doing stuff.
  Well, I tried calling you.
  I must have turned my phone off by mistake.
  Joce, did you see him again today?  See who?  Oh, geez, you know I told you,  you can see him as much as you want,  just don't keep it a secret from me, okay?  I wanna know everything you two are doing.
  Look, half the time I'm there he doesn't even want me there.
  I just can't help myself.
  Well, you love him.
 Yeah.
  I love him too, but the kid's an idiot.
  It's our son, Mutt.
 We're talking about our son.
  Yeah.
 Oh!  Our son.
 Oh!  You done with that? Got it.
  No, I wasn't.
 I wasn't uh  Yeah, he turned into a real nutbar.
  Doesn't drive in cars,  he won't use anything plastic.
  Good luck with birth control, right?  And then we see you with your kids  and you're so together.
  What's your secret?  Listening is so very important.
  So important to listen To your kids.
  See, Roland? Listening.
  Excuse me, I listen to the kid.
  If he'd listened to me, he wouldn't be sitting in a hut,  making his own underwear.
  The Internet is a breeding ground for freaks.
  What're you doing?  Well, I just "sold" a pair of sunglasses on here  and now dieforfash87 is telling me she won't pay  'cause she thinks they're fake.
  Okay.
 Um How about we move away-  No! I don't even wanna sell these things.
  These clothes are all that I have.
  Everything else has been taken from me.
  Well, you have your family  What's your point?  I am having a very hard time right now dealing with the idea  that people think that my things are worthless,  Or funky, or Sorry.
  fake.
  Does it look like I shop on Canal Street?  No  Okay.
  People here don't know anything, okay?  Wayne huffs keyboard cleaner for a living.
  Well, that's not surprising.
  You're playing to the wrong crowd.
  You're-you have great clothes.
  I like some of this stuff.
  Like like this.
 Like, I like this.
  Ooh! Ooh  I like this.
  This gives me an idea.
  So why would I sleep with my mother?  Well, now that I know that she's your mother,  that makes a lot more sense to me.
  And you normally go around spying on people?  Um, you left me here to be abducted  by long haul truckers.
 I just went to find you.
  So why are you sneaking around with your mom anyway?  What's the big secret?  It's my dad.
 We don't really get along.
  He really takes the whole mayor tradition in the family thing seriously  and I'm just not that down into labels, you know?  "Labels?" Yeah.
  And you wonder why I make fun of you.
  Oh, and you are totally in sync with your parents?  Um yeah,  because they always wanted a daughter with a record,  who dropped out of college, so  Pretty much delivered on that one.
  Ugh!  Oh!  Okay, this is gonna cheer you up.
  So I thought you might be lonely without your clothes.
  So if this isn't too dirty for you,  I could help take care of your stuff.
  Wait, you wanna have sex with me?  No.
 I don't think anybody has sex in here  unless they're being paid for it.
  I thought this might be a good place to store your clothes.
  Is this a safe place?  Yes.
 I'm the only with a key.
 But there's a catch.
  I get to wear whatever I want, anytime I want.
  Fine.
  Wow! Our son's clothes are no longer in our closet.
  Something I said finally got through.
  I just found somewhere else to put them.
  I can't hear you from in there.
  I found somewhere else to put them!  Well, subconsciously I got through.
  David? Alexis? Can you come here please?  Oh, I don't know.
 Maybe the text I got from her  saying you left your ring in the sauna  David?! Alexis?!  They're not going to come, dear.
  Well, how widespread is that news?  I can hear the Deal sign.
  Talk about salacious!  He had long day at work.
 I ran into Tanya on the street.
  He cut off his what?!  Wait, what? Okay.
 How did it happen?  Look, I just, uh I just want to make sure  that, uh, you know, we're all okay.
  What were we not okay about?  About your mother and me feeling disconnected from you two.
  We are literally connected by a door that does not lock.
  How much how much more connected do you wanna be?  Emma.
 Your middle name is "Emma.
"  Is it?  So, we'll keep working away at this.
  I'm sorry! No, Hannah.
  I'm embarrassed for you.
  Well, that's that then.
 Elspeth.
  No! Wow.
  I think it's Elspeth.
  It isn't! I should know!  Wow.
      

                




                    			Oh yeah! Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Could you spare some a Oh my go-oh my God!  David! Where's my robe?!  Oh my God.
 Oh my God.
 Oh my God.
  Oh my God, what's happening?  I saw hell is what's happening.
 Oh my God.
  What?  Oh my God.
 David,  what you just saw was your mother and me  I know what I saw.
 having an intimate moment.
  I cannot unsee that! Oh my God, you poor thing!  Okay, and I refuse to feel guilty  about being in bed with my wife.
  Ew! Ew! Ew! I hate to be the one to tell you,  but having sex is not just about making children  so they can grow up and make you feel bad about having sex.
  Oh my God, can you stop this please?!  I will not be shamed.
 Shame on you.
  Shame on you for attempting that position  at 8 o'clock in the morning.
  John? You know what?  Oh my God.
 Do you know how difficult it is for us  to share a wall with you two?  I do now.
 Yes, well, if you don't mind,  we are now going back into our room  and don't even think about opening that door!  Are you serious? Next time.
  Oh my God.
  No, no, no  S01E05 The Cabin   Roland, I just need the door fixed.
  Mm-hmm? Okay?  My family can't keep living like this.
  My wife and I, we have no privacy.
  Okay, all right.
 I get what this is about.
  You and the wife wanna bump the old uglies, huh?  I have no idea what that means.
  Having a little problem down there below there, Johnny boy, huh?  No, there's no problem, Roland, I just need the locks fixed!  It's okay, I get it.
 I get it, captain.
  You've been a out to sea for a while  you wanna bring the boat into port  and maybe get your mast scrubbed.
  What're you guys down to now? Like twice a day?  Okay, this is a conversation you and I will never have, all right?  I just need the door fixed.
  Well, how 'bout I do you one better?  We got a cabin up by the lake.
  It's just a little love nest for the lady and me.
  You know, when we wanna spark the old spark from time to time.
  My gift to you and yours for the night.
  So generous, but I'm gonna take a pass.
  Hey, Johnny.
 Jocelyn?  How are you? Uh, good.
 Good.
  Sex life's in the crapper.
 I just offered him the cabin.
  That is so not true.
  I knew something was wrong.
 N-nothing is wrong.
  You should take the cabin.
  I wouldn't wanna see your relationship get any worse.
  No, our relationship is fine.
 It's just a privacy issue  Johnny, Johnny, come on, come on, come on, come on.
  Take the cabin, okay?  And feel free to use the restraints.
  We keep 'em under the bed, so Thank you.
 Thank you.
  Pick a safe word.
 Mm.
  I, for one, think we should take them up on their offer.
  I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
  We're talking about Roland's place.
  Who knows what the hell we're gonna find up there?  Well, we can't share any real intimacy here  in this internment camp, John,  and I don't want to turn into my parents.
  Separate beds, separate rooms.
  Well, separate countries.
  Exactly! A bad marriage!  Hey, if you're willing to give this a shot, I'm game.
  You're game.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 I'll play.
  Actually, I have a good feeling about this, John.
  You know, I'm starting to get a pretty good feeling myself.
  Are you?  Oh my God! Am I being punished for something?  David, are you dirty peeping tom?  I don't' think parenting books would approve of you saying that to me.
  I'm here to grab a magazine,  and go back and leave you guys to whatever disgusting  Stay.
 Stick around, stick around.
  Alexis? Alexis!  They're done!  Your father and I have some very important news.
  If you tell me that you're pregnant,  I'm gonna vomit on this floor right now.
  Oh, can you imagine? We're planning a trip.
  Okay.
 Just to a cabin, overnight  And we request that the two of you  not try to contact us for the next 24 hours.
  I really appreciate you doing that for me.
  I'm doing it for us.
  Well, it's to my benefit.
  Um, why don't you guys stay at the cabin for longer?  Oh, I would never just abandon you two  in a motel in the middle of nowhere.
  Didn't you once take the wrong baby home from preschool?  Alexis looked Chinese as an infant.
  How many times must I defend myself?  So we're good then? Thank you.
  No, thank you.
 No, thank you.
  Honestly, thank you.
 Enough, David!  Thank you so much for the loan of your cabin and your truck.
  Looks like you folks got a lot of gear here, huh?  Is that the tickle trunk?  It's just clothes.
  Yeah, okay, but just keep in mind  there's only 60 amp service there,  so don't be pluggin' a lot of gadgets in all at once,  if you know what I mean.
  Yet another disturbing look into his world.
  All right, directions.
  Super easy, Johnny.
 Here's what I want you to do.
  Okay, I want you take highway 10 to Loon Lake Road north, okay?  I want you to take a right there.
  There's gonna be a split in the fence,  I want you to go left at that split, and keep going.
  Go through the intersection of Loon Lake Road south, okay?  And then you're gonna find Pine Road.
  Now you go up Pine Road, I want you take a right  at that big oak tree, all right?  It's old, it's big, you can't miss it.
  You go down the hill to the left  and we're the third cabin on the right, okay?  The key's under the mat.
  Got it.
 Really?  Key is under the mat.
  So I think I'm gonna go next door  because your mess is making me anxious.
  What mess?  You know how clean my apartment was in New York.
  It was so clean.
 It was really clean.
  Well, it was very clean  because you had a maid to keep it very clean for you.
  No.
 I kept it clean after Cecilia cleaned.
  Anyway, I think it's best if we just take some space and um  I am looking forward to sleeping in a bed  that his not made for a toddler.
  Okay.
 I'll just chill here in my own space and  Yeah.
  Maybe I'll do a mask or something and  check in with myself and see how I'm doing  Okay, so we're good?  Yeah.
 Okay.
 See you tomorrow.
  Okay.
  I'm out of mask.
  I was so bored in there!  I'm sorry to hear that.
  Okay, so I think that we should take advantage of mom and dad being gone.
  I am.
  Okay, but like throwing a party or something.
  No.
 Absolutely not.
  Just a tiny, little, casual motel party.
  Okay, Alexis, I have no interest in finding out  what types of people are attracted to "casual motel parties.
"  But you do have an interest in lounging on a bed  that mom and dad have had sex all over?  Why would you do that to me right now?  David, I just I miss my life! And I miss doing things.
  And I miss being surrounded by loose acquaintances  who think that I'm funny, and smart, and charming.
  Will you? Just a few people.
 Please.
 You can't tell me  that you don't wanna hang out with people other than me.
  Obviously.
 Okay, so?  Okay, fine.
 Something small.
 Yes!  Like a little games night.
  Yes, like a small, little games night party.
  No.
 Like a little games night period.
  Okay, fine.
 And then, if it turns into something else,  it turns into something else.
  Well, it won't 'cause there's only six people invited.
  Any more and game play gets too yelly.
  It gets very yelly.
  Okay, this party is gonna be  It's not a party.
 awesome!  It's not a party.
 So.
 Much.
 Fun!  I'm so excited!  Hey, not bad! Rustic but nice, huh?  The great outdoors, Moira.
  I am shocked and delighted.
  Yes.
 I have to say I was nervous about this,  but I've gotta hand it to Roland, he came through.
  He's moron!  Key's under the mat, is it?  The key is under the mat!  Agh! That's great! Lying son-of-a  Agh! Idiot man!  Moron!  Ha! Oh, good.
  John?! Yeah! Coming, honey!  I'm coming.
  Well hellooooo.
  Oh, my car broke down and it's raining,  and I wondered if I might spend the night.
  Well, first let's get you out of those dry clothes  and we'll see where the night takes us.
  So I need to flesh out this games night thing.
  Between you and my sister,  and the barn guy and that girl in the restaurant, we have 5,  and obviously we need an even 6 for ultimate game play.
  Well, what if I'm not a games person?  We're far too similar for you not to be, so  Options, please.
  Obviously they need to be funny, and smart,  and have well-rounded sense of humour  and a wide range of knowledge.
  Oh, all those types of people move away from here.
  That's funny.
 No, I'm serious.
  Ooh, what about Eric? Hmm?  He finished high school.
  I don't love his look.
  Oh, looks are important? Oh Why don't we throw a pageant?  Trust me, if I had time, we would, but we don't, so  What about Sarah? She's cute and speaks english.
  Hmm? Mm  She get it?  Get what? Like "get it" get it.
 It, like the vibe.
  Understand that games night needs to run a certain way,  otherwise it won't work.
  Can I be on your team? You sound really fun.
  Listen, you don't have to help me out if you don't want to.
  I can find someone else.
 Really?  Mm-hmm.
 Okay.
  Well, it's-okay.
 Have fun.
  Okay.
 My money's on the other team.
  Hi.
  Can I help you?  Yeah, I just uh Came to apologize.
  For what?  For uninviting you to games night.
  You did not uninvite me.
 I uninvited myself.
  Mm-hmm.
 Okay, well, um  I would really like it if you came  and I would really love it if you could bring  one other person of your choosing.
  So it doesn't matter if they don't blend?  M-mm-mm.
  And this doesn't have anything to do with the fact  that you couldn't find anybody else to come?  No.
 What? No.
 I  You are a very bright, funny person,  with a wide range of useful knowledge  and the fact that we don't have an ideal number  for team style game-play, is not not why I'm here.
  You're such a liar.
  And I was bluffing when I said I wasn't coming.
  I just wanted to see you beg, so  Okay.
 I'll put out some feelers,  but, you know, such short notice,  all the town hotties will have plans.
  I'll see you tonight! Yeah, thanks.
  Thank you.
 Welcome.
  This place is almost charming.
 Very rustic cottage.
  I was half expecting early unibomber.
  Oh, look! Roland and Jocelyn.
  Who are the other two?  Well, that's Bob.
 He's on the town council.
  And his partner?  Roland has gay friends! Again, shocked and delighted.
  I think that's his wife.
  No, they're both called husband.
  Look at the them smiling away.
  What have they got to be so happy about?  Well, they have no money issues.
 That's why they're so happy.
  Yeah, they just don't know any better.
  So, Eric,  how do you know Stevie?  She used to be my babysitter.
  Great.
 Wow.
 Okay.
  And how are your Trivia skills?  My what? Oh my God.
  Okay.
 Good choice.
 Good choice.
  You guys came.
 Together.
 That's so cute! Come in!  Twyla, you look amazing!  Mutt, you look like a mill dollars.
  Okay, so I brought this pie from work  but on the way, I realized I didn't check what kind  so there's a 50/50 chance there's meat in it.
  Oh my God, that's so cute.
 Thank you.
  Okay, so it's 8:15.
 It's 8:15.
  We should have started at 8.
 So fifteen minutes late,  let's sit down and I will explain the game.
  And I would just like to thank everybody so much for coming.
  This is the first social thing that I've done  in like a really long time, so let's just have so much fun  and we'll just see where the night takes us.
  Well, it'll take us to a three part games night that ends at 10.
  Okay, well, we'll see.
  Okay, so let's start.
 Okay.
  Let's start by putting down 10 famous names  onto the pieces of paper in front of you.
  I don't think I can fit ten names on this piece of paper.
  That's funny.
 That's funny.
 No.
 One per piece of paper.
  Ten pieces of paper, ten names.
  Who should I put down? I can't tell you that, Eric,  'cause that would wreck the game.
  So then how do I know what to put?  Oh my God.
 Relax.
  Can you put yourself down?  Oh, okay, who wants a shot? Because I do.
  No, we need to finish putting the names down first.
  Who's that?  Okay, I may or may not have invited a few other people.
  What kind-who? I don't know.
 I met them on the way home.
  Hey! Hey.
  How are you? Good, good.
  Good.
 Hey! Hey, kids.
  Stevie Mutt Twyla.
  Hey, Dane.
 Who the Bleep is this?  He's the worst, okay? So just breathe through it.
  Hi.
 David Rose.
 Oh 'Kay.
  So we have split into teams and that's an odd number, so we're stuck.
  No worries.
 We're here for the party.
 Keg's in the truck.
  What kegs? No one ordered a keg.
  David, can you please not be rude in front of  Dane.
 Dane?  So now what? Oh, God!  In the bowl, Eric.
 Put them in the  Wow.
 Yeah.
  I can't see out of one eye.
  But I'm still alive, that's the main thing.
  I'm hungry.
 Should I go get  No! No.
 You don't have to get anything.
  I will get some food, I will get the wine.
  You have done more than enough.
  Oh good, you're done.
  We uh we didn't wanna interrupt.
  What're doing here?  Oh, just finishing off the latest Harold Zable novel.
  You ever read him? How long have you been here?  Quite a while.
  Yeah, you seemed to have a little trouble there, getting going.
  And, uh, well, we uh  We didn't think you needed the extra pressure on you, so  Oh, hi! You're good.
  And you are?  I'm Bob, this is my wife Gwen,  and, uh, this is our cabin.
  Oh, no, no, no.
 This is Roland and Jocelyn's cabin.
  No, they're a mile up the road.
  Big tree, a fence.
 You can't miss it.
  She died! She's a dead person!  Marilyn Monroe! No! She helps people!  Oprah.
 Calcutta! Calcutta!  Calcutta! The lepers! She's the mother She's a mother  It's not your turn, Alexis!  Princess Diana.
 No! She's  The lepers in Calcutta, she helps them.
  Lepers! Lepers! There's all these lepers.
  Stop yelling at her though!  It's the point of the game is the yell!  She's a mother and has your cousin's name.
  Teresa?  Mother Teresa! Yes!  You can't say mother! You can't say mother!  She wasn't getting it.
 That's the point!  Anyway, no points for them.
 We have to start this again.
  This party's terrible.
 Excuse me?  Okay, so then, hey, why don't we do something else,  like a drinking game.
  No! Absolutely not!  Every time the vein in my brother's eye twitches, we take a drink.
  Why would you bring up my eye in front of all these people?  Who is that?! Calm down.
  Dane thought he should just invite over a few more of his friends, so  Oh, did he? Yeah.
  Who's up for strip poker?  Okay, you know what? I'm out.
 No, that's it.
  I'm gonna call it a night.
 I'm gonna pack it in.
  Eric, don't look at my eye!  Why are you being such an old woman?  I'm sorry that I wanted to have fun tonight  and invite a few random guys over and try and make out with them, okay?  You're not the only one dying in this town.
  It is boring and I am just trying to make the best of it.
  I'm really sorry everybody.
 No offense, okay?  I'm well-versed in family conflict  I'm sure you are.
 Alexis?  If you want to party, have a party.
  But I have a queen bed next door with my name on it  and I have been looking forward to sleeping in that bed all day, so  Maybe we should go.
  No.
 You know what, guys? It's totally fine.
  David, I would love it if you would come and party with us,  but it's totally up to you.
  And I'm totally gonna go.
 So everybody have a good night.
  I don't know who you are!  Dane, put that down and get off my bed!  No one on my bed tonight.
 And don't-no one throw up!  So his eye twitched five times, so drink up, bitches!  All right! Woo!  Shots! All right.
 Ready and  And once again, my apologies.
  And I'm sorry, I don't know how to make a bed.
  And I may have damaged your corkscrew, Bob.
  You broke it in half.
  Okay, the door, it won't open.
 The door won't open.
  It's locked.
 Oh, it's locked.
  What do you want from us?  Yes, it's it's locked to prevent strangers  from coming into the cabin.
  See, uh, we didn't realize that, uh, strangers  would already be in the cabin when we locked it.
  I see.
 Oh.
 Okay.
  Bye!  There we go.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
  You've been consummate hosts, really.
 Fantastic day.
  Hey, Mutt, can you pass me a drink? Um  Sorry.
 Hey! Hi!  Here's the thing.
  Um, I'm sorry that you and your sister are in a domestic,  and I'm sorry that I invited Eric.
  That joke was funnier in theory.
  Bad joke.
  But I'm gonna need you to come back in there.
  Why?  Because I don't really like most of those people  and, believe it or not, we are in the middle  of a very intense game of drunken charades  and my team is losing.
 Badly.
  Well, that's not really my thing.
  It's not my thing either,  but you were right; We're way too similar  and I am having a very hard time losing, so  I will happily let you get back to this big queen bed  if you'll just help us win a few more rounds.
  Just need somebody sober.
  I can't Please.
  Go back in there.
 It's embarrassing.
  They are way too drunk to remember.
  Just two winning rounds and then it's over.
  Then you can go back to your book.
  Fine.
 Fine.
 Two rounds.
 You can go back to sleep.
  Quick.
 Quick rounds.
 Thank you.
  Fine.
 Thank you.
  And just don't look at the stain on your bed,  and we'll mime something special.
  What stain? Uh  You're lucky I'm good at this game.
  Yes! A mexican Just get this one!  Are you sure you don't want to call a tradesman or someone, John?  Moira, I don't need a tradesman.
  I can handle a screwdriver, okay?  This is working out just fine.
  And that is in.
  Look at this.
  Instant lock.
  Yes, let me tell you, Eddie.
  You look awfully good in that blue collar.
  Well, thank you very much, Mrs.
 Rose.
  I don't often get compliments when I'm fixing doors.
  Oh, Edward, I'm afraid I must tell you,  I shan't be able to pay you today.
  Well, that's okay, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Maybe there's um some other way you can pay me,  if you get my drift.
  Did you take my mask?  Thank you.
  Well, maybe I'll use a bigger screw, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Don't you go anywheres.
  I'll be right here, Eddie.
      

                




                    			Hey, Moira, could you turn that down please?  Important call coming through.
  Stevie says it's the guy from the winery.
  Hmm.
  Hello, Johnny Rose.
  Hello? Hello?  Ah.
  Stevie?  I put it through! Okay.
  Who is it? Herb Ertlinger.
  Excuse me? Herb Ertlinger from the winery.
  He's the only guy that's gotten back to me on my proposal.
  And-and now the ph-  Hi! Hello!  There's something wrong with the phones!  John, have her patch it through to the kids' room.
  Yeah, patch it through to the kids' room!  Okay!  Very good suggestion!  Kids!  David, answer the phone!  He has his headphones in; He can't hear it.
  Then you answer it! Okay!  Hello?  Alexis, could you open the door, please?  I'll take it.
  No, sorry, you have the wrong room.
  He's actually in room 6.
  Alexis, unlock the door please!  Okay! No problem.
 Bye.
  He's gonna call you back in your room!  No!  Hello?   Can you get a heart murmur from a lack of sleep?  Because I have not slept since we've got here  and I think my body is shutting down.
  Well, I hate to admit it, but I actually know very little about heart murmurs.
  Well, I have one.
  Uh, the pulse is very irregular.
  Honestly, David, I have tried to find my pulse  like a thousand times and nothing.
 So don't worry about it.
  No, this is very serious!  My heart has not rested in a long time,  my immune system is very low,  I have not been able to find kale anywhere here-  how long are we going to be talking about you for?  I think I'm having a heart attack, is what's happening!  David, you are like 34.
  I'm basically 29.
  Oh my God, you are overreacting.
  I think you're gonna feel very guilty  when I slip into a coma and you have to come visit me  in the hospital at hospice.
  Well, I'm gonna go for a jog, so don't die until I get back.
  Well, how long are you going for?  Um, I don't really know.
 How long are you gonna be like this for?  Don't be a little b Bye!  When I'm this state!  Now, it's fruit wine, which is exciting in itself.
  But the thing we're most proud of  is that our fruit is 100% insecticide free.
  Ah! Mm!  Mm! Mm.
  There's something in mine.
  Oh, that's a ladybug.
 That's one of the good ones.
  Excuse me.
  Herb Ertlinger  No, this tastes like something one should not put in their mouth.
  It's fruit wine.
 Whoever heard of fruit wine?  Doesn't matter, it's a business.
 I'll make it work.
  It's next to a landfill, John.
  He said former landfill.
  Sorry.
 I was looking into a new sprayer.
  And I brought you this  It's our Cabernet Merlot petit grenache.
  Oh!  Sounds delightfully busy.
  You know, uh, Herb, if you need any help with distribution,  I have extensive contacts in that area,  or if it's operations management  Johnny, while I appreciate that offer,  it's actually not your help I'm looking for.
  Oh.
 No.
 It's you, Moira.
  We were hoping that you will be the spokesperson  for Herb Ertlinger fruit wines.
  I-I don't understand.
  My wife and I were such big fans of "Sunrise Bay.
"  And we would be an honoured to have you  do just a few commercials to promote our wine.
  That is, of course, if you like it.
  Like it? It's fruit wine.
 What's not to like?  So, an hour ago, I thought I was having a heart attack.
  Oh no! Yup, yup.
 Yup.
  Um, but I'm not.
 Oh, phew!  According to Web MD, I'm having a pulmonary embolism,  which is much, much worse.
  Well, you look good.
  That's just the way I look.
  I need you to take me to a hospital right now.
  Yeah, the only hospital's in Elmdale.
  You're telling me there's no doctor around here?  People just drop dead in the streets out of sheer neglect?  Well, there is, technically, a doctor.
  Then, please take me to that doctor right now.
  I'm just not sleeping.
  I think there's a lack of oxygen getting to my heart  because I'm feeling very suffocated.
  Okay, right.
 Well, if it is a heart attack  we're way too far away from the nearest hospital  for you to make it through the night.
  What? Kidding.
  Take a deep breath for me.
  Good.
  Now, have you been around any feces in the past two days?  I don't n So, no.
  No.
 Okay.
 Well, the good thing is,  I don't think that you need an ambulance, David,  because what I think is happening here  is you're having a panic attack.
  Oh no, those Those aren't real.
  Those are a PR spin for celebrity publicists.
  Trust me, I've known enough celebrities.
  No, it's absolutely a A real thing.
  Uh, tell me, have you had any experiences lately  that have caused you Stress or anxiety?  Uh, well, I went from living in a 25 hundred square foot  Soho live/workspace  to a motel room with my sister.
  Wow.
 Eek.
 That'll do it.
  "Hello, I'm Moira Rose for Herb-"  "Oh, hi! I'm Moira Rose for Herb Ertlinger wines  inviting you to try our latest offering,  a fruity cab franc we call  We call Herb Ertlinger's fruity cab-"  Oh, no.
 No, no, no.
 No good.
  Uh  "Smokey tannins infuse this rich blend with a plummy bouquet.
"  "Plummy bouquet"? Is this guy for real?  His turns of phrase leave much to be desired,  but the wine is potable.
  You called it liquid stink this morning.
  The whites seem less stinky.
  How about this tote bag?  Two-ply toilet paper has more heft.
  I'm sensing negativity, John.
  Is this because he did not take you up on your offer?  Are you kidding me? Come on!  Hey, I haven't even given that guy a second's thought since I got home.
  I was doing him a favour, that's all.
  I don't want him tarnishing your reputation.
  I mean, have you read the literature?  Look at this.
  "The maximum benefit of the peachafication process.
"  "Peachafication!" Who uses a word like "peachafication"?  A moron would use that.
  That moron is the first moron to offer me an acting role in a very long time.
  Well, he's lucky to have you.
  John, this commercial, in the right hands, could be  I don't want to use the word "comeback,"  that's I don't wanna jinx it, but  John, no one knows the business better than you do.
  Oh, honey, I'm just the money behind the scenes.
  Not that I don't have a few company commercials under my belt, but  If you want me in your corner, I'm there.
  Oh, John.
 Thank you.
  I'll do what I can.
 Thank you.
  But seriously, how cheap ass is that bag?  Ew, ew-ew, ew, ew!  You have to open your eyes to get it in the bag!  Ugh! Good.
 Ugh!  So can I ask you a question?  Why do you always get dressed up to do this?  I mean, it doesn't seem very practical.
  Naomi Campbell wore Dolce &amp; Gabbana couture  to her community service.
  And just because she was picking up roadkill  did not mean that she needed to look like it.
  And I just always really admired her courage.
  Um I didn't understand a word you just said.
  Besides, it's nice to uh Change clothes every once in a while.
  Something you might wanna consider doing at some point.
  I change my clothes.
  They're just all the same.
  Uh-huh.
 Yeah.
  Oh! Well, at least now they'll get washed.
  Agghhhh!  Come on! Run!  What? It's actually nice in here.
  Well, I'm not Valentino, but you know.
  Okay, well, don't try and be funny about it.
  It just happens naturally.
  It's that um  When a guy can pack his whole wardrobe  into an overnight bag,  you just don't really think that he'd be much of an interior designer.
  Don't worry, they're fresh.
 They're clean.
  Hmm.
 Ooh! Smell that rock-beaten freshness.
  What?  It's just I do beat my laundry against rocks.
  You're a freak.
  What uh what kind of lens are we using here?  It's uh It's a zoom lens.
  Oh, zoom! Good, good, good.
  Yup, yeah.
 Any primes?  Any primes? Using any primes?  Nah.
 Those are usually for feature films.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, it's just I  What's the, uh, ring light situation?  Do you think we need an inkey?  Uh I don't know, I don't know  I are we booming this Today?  Ew! Shhh!  Why is it dark?  It's like a witch's house in here, David.
  Shush! What's going on?  I am on day two of a panic attack  and I have not slept at all.
  Babe, you know that panic attacks aren't real, right?  They're just things that celebrities make up to  No, I know.
 I thought so too, but they are real  and I'm having one apparently.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  Well, while you were having your panic attack,  I somehow agreed to attend a yoga class.
  That might be a good thing for me.
  Okay, well, I'm not gonna go though.
  That might help me relax, might help me calm down.
  David, I just said I'm not gonna go.
  I don't wanna have to bring this up  But it's my turn to take a selfish.
  No, David, Yes, it is.
  You selfished last time.
 No.
 Dubai, 2010,  I had to pick you up from that blind date  that went terribly wrong.
  It was a total disaster.
 It's my turn,  and I wanna go to a yoga class.
  Fine, I will go,  but I am not happy about this at all.
  Okay.
 Get off my bed.
  Ouch, David.
 Ouch, David!  Ugh! Shut the curtains!  Oh, some people like to exaggerate,  especially in our business.
  I dunno.
 A lot of people on set were saying it.
  He's making people nervous.
  I don't care what other's say.
 That's today's mantra.
  You look awesome! Oh  Hey! There she is! Hi!  There's my TV star.
 Hi, sweetheart.
  Hi! Nervous?  No, I'm good.
 Good! Don't want you nervous!  No.
 Is that the outfit you're wearing?  Yes.
 That's the one you and I chose together.
  Oh.
 It looks a little less flattering in the daylight.
  Johnny!  No.
 I'm just saying, if there's another outfit-  No! There's no second choice.
 Really?  No.
 Oh, I don't know.
  Cheese tray.
 Whoa, whoa, cubby,  what's this? Who ordered cheese?  I I asked for cheese.
 Oh no, no.
 No cheese.
  I don't think that's a good idea.
  What about the melon? You ordered melon?  No, I didn't.
 No, well, let's see  You know what? Looks a little soft.
  Why don't we eighty-six that plate.
  Johnny? Johnny? Yeah?  Crystal, do you mind? Yeah.
 Hey, crystal.
  Speak to my husband.
 Hey.
  Yeah listen.
 The script, I wanna make a few line-  No! John, no more changes.
  I was wondering if it might be better if you-  Just directed.
 Just directed?  Believe me, I tried.
 That didn't fly.
  No.
 Went home.
  Went home? Mm-hmm.
  Why? Because you're making me nervous.
  And apparently you're making everyone nervous.
  No, no, no.
 Honey, I'm just trying to help.
  I'm just trying to be You know, watching your back.
  I know, John.
 You're so good at trying.
  Now, I'm gonna call you as soon as I'm done.
  Crystal? Yeah?  Yeah, sure.
 Well, I can just uh  Yeah, I'll just uh go home.
  Bye.
  All right.
 Bye.
  All right.
 Have a good shoot!  You look good.
 No, keep working please.
  Oh! Okay, I don't think I can do this.
  There's a lot of people here.
  Hey! You guys made it! Amazing!  It's a pairs class, so partner up.
  Okay, well, I'm not touching you.
  Well, I'm not touching you.
  David, Hun.
 Oh!  Come join me.
 Oh Jocelyn.
  Normally I do this with Roland,  but he had a bad burrito so he's M.
I.
A.
  Oh Trust me, that's good news for everybody.
  I'm sure it is.
  And Alexis, you can join Mutt.
  Okay.
  This is gonna be good for you.
 Just relax.
  Oh, okay.
 All right.
 Okay.
  Hi.
 Hey.
  Ted told me all about your  Nervous breakdown.
  My my what?  I was at the cafe.
 He didn't mention any names,  but when he said it was someone "precious," I knew.
  Slating! Somehow.
  Remember to smile.
  All right, get out of there, ladies! Thank you.
  And action!  Hello, I'm Moira Rose.
  And if you like fruit wine as much as I do,  discover a winery that pours care and craftsmanship into every glace.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
  I wanted to say glass, but I was thinking case.
  That was great.
 Loved it.
  Uh, same energy.
 Back to one.
 Still rolling.
  Check your teeth.
 Yeah.
  Outta there, ladies.
  Still rolling And when you're ready-  Hold on, hold on, hold on!  Action.
  Hello, I'm Moira Rose,  and if you enjoy flute line as much as-  What?  Uh you said "flute line.
"  Oh.
 Oh, that is funny.
  No problem.
 Uh back to ones.
  And when you're ready Action!  Hello, I'm moina rose, and if you Li-  Okay, back to ones.
 Still rolling.
  Why? Why? You said "moina.
"  You sure did.
 Are you sure?  Yeah.
 Yeah, it's cool.
 I'm good.
  That's great.
 All right.
 Please, I'm good.
  Get outta there, ladies.
 Please, yes.
  And when you're ready, action!  Action.
  Action?  Well, thanks for the lift, Thomas.
  You got it, Mr.
 Rose.
  Yeah, we're talking to her now.
  Where'd she go?  Apparently she just locked herself in the bathroom.
  He's gonna pull the plug on the whole thing unless, and I quote,  "that Bitch gets her Ass out of the trailer.
"  Maybe I should get back in the car?  I'm guessing, yes.
  Rolling the shoulders back and down, lengthen  It's just all these feelings of displacement, you know?  Like I've Yeah  I think I'm just having a very hard time  adjusting to the overall aesthetic of the town.
  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
 Um  And it's just running through my head and I've been  Yeah, lots of talking.
 Lots of emoting.
  That's good, David.
 Yeah.
 Um, have you tried sex?  Excuse me? Sex puts me right to sleep.
  You should have lots and lots of sex.
 Ugh  Now, with your partner's help,  send your hips to the back of the barn  and partners roll your biceps out and up,  guiding the hips wide and back.
  Is everyone doing this? Mm-hmm.
  Um, how's your back? It's good.
  I mean, normally, it's a little tight, but  Yeah, it is.
 I mean I-I haven't noticed.
  I have noticed, I haven't-  I haven't "noticed" noticed, so  How're we doing here? Good.
 Super good.
  Um this is a very challenging  Yoga class, Twyla.
 Thank you.
  Thanks! Yeah, so just hold Mutt's lower back here  just to support him.
  Okay.
 Good.
  Now feel the inner edge of the thigh  Mm-hmm.
  Let's bring it down Oh, no!  Oh!  Mutt should support his own thigh.
  Omigod! Omigod! I'm so sorry.
  I'm sssso sorry.
  It's okay.
 Yeah.
  Wow, I'm so sorry.
  Moira? It's me.
  Hi!  You okay?  Yeah I blew it, Johnny.
 I blew it big time.
  Let me in, sweetheart.
  Oh, I don't know how.
  There's a knob on the door.
  No, I mean I don't know how to do this anymore!  I'm no good!  How did you open the door?  I threw a shoe.
  This wine is aw-ful! Give me another glass.
  Well, I think maybe we've had Enough wine, sweetheart.
  I, I can't feel my tongue.
  But I know it's there because I'm talking.
  Moira, you should hear what they're saying about you out there.
  You are doing great.
 No.
 No, John.
 No.
  No, John, I ruined it.
 I ruined everything.
  No, no, you didn't.
 I did!  No, sweetheart, I ruined everything.
 I ruined it.
  You did.
 Why Why did you ruin everything?  Okay, well, let-let's not focus on me right now.
  The important thing is, you've gotta get back up  and you've gotta get out there.
  I can't.
 Can't.
  You can! Moira, remember "Sunrise Bay?"  You were drunk most of season three  And half of season four.
  End of season five.
  I'll have to take your word for it.
  Did I used to have a drinking problem?  The point is, you can do this, Moira.
  You're radiant.
 You're beguiling.
  You're daytime television's brightest star!  All you have to do is go out there and shine.
  I'm gonna.
  I'm gonna Nail it.
  Okay.
  And on a big inhale  Identify any tension you may be holding.
  And on a big exhale, breathe it out.
  I burnt my sausage casserole.
  I'm pretty sure I'm really lonely here.
  Now, with one partner on the ground,  the other comes into a downward dog  with hands on your partner's ankles.
  In the lee of a picturesque ridge  lies a small, unpretentious winery,  one that pampers its fruit like its own babies.
  Hi! I'm Moira Rose,  and if you love fruit wine as much as I do,  then you'll appreciate the craftsmanship  and quality of a local vintner  who brings the musk melon goodness  to his oak chardonnay,  and the dazzling peach cral-bapple  to his Riesling rioja.
  Come taste the difference good fruit can make in your wine.
  You'll remember the experience and you'll remember the name.
  Herb Erfling ger.
  Burt Herngeif.
  Irv Herb-blinger.
  Bing Livehaanger.
  Liveling.
 Burt Herkurn.
  Ban-Bingo ling-!     

                




                    			Don't judge me for what I'm about to ask you to do.
  Come inside, please.
  What're you about to It does not matter.
 It doesn't matter.
  What?  That.
  That's why you called me in here? Yeah, look at it!  I'm looking.
 No! Look at it.
  Uh, it looks like a bug  Yeah.
 Trapped under a glass.
  I Googled that bug.
 It's some sort of demonic cricket  that "takes chunks out of your skin when provoked.
"  Chunks is the word that Google used.
  You Googled a bug?  Yeah.
 I have a thing about bugs with milky exoskeletons.
  I have this irrational fear they are gonna crawl into my mouth  and nest at night, so  So, what do you want me to do, kill it?  No, I think I just need moral support  while I slip a piece of paper under the glass with the bug  and take the trapped bug and walk it outside.
  Or we could just kill it.
  No, that's not the way to go.
 Oh! Oh my God! It's fleeing!  Whoa, it's fast! It's fleeing into the bathroom.
  That's why you use the cup method,  because you'd keep it contained!  Now it's just all out!  Well I guess I don't even need to be here.
  Well, it's h  Now it's hiding somewhere in the darkness  Waiting for nightfall.
  I I can't I can't sleep here.
 I can't sleep here.
  Not with your mouth open anyway.
  That's not a nice thing to say to me.
  You know, sometimes I forget what life was like before I knew you.
  Okay, bye-bye! Bye.
 Yup.
  'Kay.
 Hope you catch it!  I can hear it.
 I can hear it.
   What the hell?  Hey! Where's my towel?!  John?  Johnny?! Where's my towel?!  Anyways, I asked this kid to come to the front of the class  and solve this math equation  and he was "pitching a tent.
"  He had a boner! Oh.
  And then I was thinking, these are young boys, these poor kids,  and it can't be easy having a teacher like myself, so  Mm What was your question again?  You know, it's been so long I can't remember.
  There you are, John! Where did my towel go?  Moira! Nanaimo bars.
  Accidentally doubled the batch and Roland's on diabetes watch,  so I thought why not share the wealth?  Well, what a lovely gesture, huh, Moira?  John, I had towel and now it's disappeared!  There's a towel on the back of the door.
  No, that one has dirt on it!  That's not dirt.
 I used it to kill a bug.
  I'm sorry.
 I I guess I'm stressed.
  Morning, Jocelyn!  You know, Moira, you ever need to just go somewhere  to unwind and have some pampering,  I know a great place in Elmdale.
  Let's not and say we did.
  You know, honey, a little pampering might not be a bad idea.
  Could alleviate some of that weight your carrying around.
  So now I'm fat and stressed?  Emotional weight.
 Emotional.
  John, go find a towel now, please,  or I will strip out of this robe  and I will air dry in the street!  Okay, well, I'm just gonna go home.
 Sorry.
  No, no, no.
 I didn't say I didn't want them.
  Thank you.
  A little pampering.
 Great idea.
  I think so, yeah.
 Yeah.
  Hey, Twy.
  Um, Twy  What is in the "Meadow Harvest" smoothie?  Uh you know, it changes every day.
  Just depends on my mood.
  But it's all organic, earthy ingredients.
  Okay, so it's like fruity or ?  Yes, it is.
 Yup.
 At times.
  And then other times, not.
  Okay! Well, today, is it more fruity or more vegetably ?  No, I don't know.
  I've gotta check in the back and see what we have.
  So Meadow Harvest doesn't refer to anything in particular.
  No, Meadow Harvest is exactly how it sounds.
  It just changes everyday.
  Mm okay.
 All right.
 Well, I'll just um  Do that that then the Meadow Harvest thing.
  Great! Thank you.
  Hi.
  Hi.
  Um, I just feel like I have to warn you,  what you just ordered is gonna  Run through you like Niagara Falls.
  Excuse me?  Uh, she's a sweet girl but her smoothies are deadly.
  Um, I usually prescribe them to my patients  when they're feeling a little backed up.
  That's a lot of information.
  I'm I'm I'm kidding.
 I'm actually not.
  I've absolutely done that With her smoothies.
  So are you a doctor or ?  I'm a veterinarian.
  Oh! It's basically the same thing.
  Ted.
 Um Alexis.
  I know.
 Without sounding too forward,  I've seen you around and uh You know, I have to say,  I think that you are the most beautiful girl  this town's ever seen.
  What? No.
  I'm sure there's like another girl somewhere.
  No, I mean it.
  Yeah.
  Well, it's really nice of you to say.
  I would love to take you out to dinner sometime.
  Oh! I feel good about this one.
  Yeah, it's a little less fruity but a little more something.
  Mm!  Mm  Oh my God.
  So about the bug thing.
  No explanation necessary.
 You've got a thing about bugs.
  No, I don't have a thing about bugs.
  It was one bug, and that bug was milky.
  So you're a man at one with nature.
  Yeah.
 I could not be more at one with nature.
  I do Coachella every year, so  Mm.
 Oh! So you'd be Into coming with me  on the annual Turkey shoot then.
  That's something that should excite you.
  What?  The Turkey shoot? Mm.
  Roland's annual thing.
 We go out and we hunt turkeys.
  Been doing it every year since I was far too young to be holding a gun.
  Yeah yes.
 Yeah.
 Let's do that.
  I was joking.
  I have a strong feeling that would not be your thing.
  And what do think "my thing" is exactly?  High thread count sheets?  Colognes that smell like fireplace  Okay.
 Well, it might surprise you to know  that I have more than one thing,  so I will happily go with you on the hunt!  Nothing would make me more excited than to  Go hunting for  Turkeys.
 Turkeys with you,  So is this a tweed or a camo situation?  Okay, did anyone actually see this pillow  come out of this container?  Seriously?! Go.
 To.
 Hell!  You're off you're a fool!  Okay, Moira, why are we doing this?  Why don't we wait for the girl to come in  and help us make the bed?  She never comes, John.
  No.
 Bastard.
 Bastard!  Jocelyn! Hi! Johnny.
  Oh good, you're here, Moira.
  I was just booking myself an appointment with Janine at the salon  and I said to myself, "wow,  Moira really looks like she needs a pick-me-up,"  so I booked you a Mani too!  Little girls spa day on me.
  Wow! What a nice gesture!  May I see a spa treatment menu?  Oh, well, it's just a salon,  so they don't really do all that kind of stuff.
  But she does give a mean scalp massage.
  Really mean?  If you requested that, I guess, yeah.
  Moira, this sounds too good to pass up.
  Please, please do this, for me.
  Let me rephrase that.
  Do it for you because you deserve  Yes! My answer's yes, Jocelyn.
 Thank you.
  Yay! Oh, yes.
  So, what're you doing tonight?  Making chili.
 Might do some laundry.
  A polite person would now ask me  what I'm doing tonight.
  That's what this is about? Sorry.
  Um what're you doing tonight?  Ted's taking me out.
  Ted.
 Mm-hmm.
 Ted.
  I don't know his last name.
 The the, um, doctor.
  The vet? Yeah, the doctor.
  The animal doctor.
  Yeah, we went to high school together.
  I think you'd be good for each other.
  Do you?  I think he has everything you're looking for in a husband.
  A husband?  What am I looking for in a husband?  Money.
  Hmm.
  Did you know Richard Gere's middle name is Tiffany?  So Ted's taking me to Antonio's.
  What's Antonio's?  It's this little buffet restaurant in Elmdale,  but he said that we could order off the menu.
  Are you sure you wanna be traveling so far out of town  with a person you just met?  I went on a blind date to Bali with Leo,  so I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be fine.
  So who is this person?  Mm he's cute.
  And And  He doesn't have a trust fund,  so, like, that's a refreshing change of pace for me.
  Speaking of people without trust funds,  what about that beardy thing that you spend time with?  What? Mutt? Yeah.
  No.
 Ew.
 It's not a thing.
 Right.
  I'm looking for Alexis.
 Oh, you have a what?  A thing with Alexis tonight?  Uh, a date.
 I think that's Ted.
  Why is he over there?  Because he knows how much I love it when mom and dad interrogate your boyfriends.
  I wonder what they're asking? No, David!  Tell me, Ted, are your parents still together?  Uh, no.
 They divorced when I was in high school.
  Oh alcoholism.
  No, I think they just realized that they were better off as friends.
  Tsk, tsk.
 Affair.
 Poor thing.
 Hmm.
  Okay.
 That's enough, everybody.
 Thank you so much.
 Hey!  Hey! Got the wrong room.
 Hi.
  Yeah, you did.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Uh  Hey! I know you!  Yeah, no, Stevie brought you in to see me.
  I had the pleasure of treating your son's panic attack.
  So Antonio's buffet, huh?  So many choices, one little plate.
 Okay, you know what?  Bye, guys.
 We'll see you in the morning!  "In the morning!" Very funny, Alexis!  Don't even think about it.
 Ain't gonna happen.
  Ted, not on the first date.
 Yes, sir.
  Don't wanna kill the buzz, but have fun.
  Alexis seems to have found someone to keep her busy.
  What about you, David?  I'm gonna go to bed.
 I have to be up early  I stupidly agreed to go hunting with Stevie tomorrow.
  Hunting?! Yeah.
  Hunting?! Yeah.
  You said hunting?!  Yeah.
  Wow.
  Agh! It's me!  Who is it? It's your father!  What're you doing lurking in our bedroom?  I'm not "lurking" in your room.
 Your alarm is going off,  you're not turning off your alarm!  Shoot!  You know, I'm telling you, I I I  I'm not comfortable with you going hunting.
  I don't feel comfortable with it either!  End.
 This.
 Now.
 Thank you.
  All right, just be careful please! Okay.
 Thanks.
  You and your nightgown can tippy-toe back to bed.
 I'm late.
  You ever killed before?  Have I ever killed before? No.
  Elton John used to have an annual hunt at his place in Windsor,  but that was more about the lunch.
  Turkey virgin!  Does this come in a slimmer cut?  Here.
 You can take this one.
  It has a scope so you can see the head.
  Okay! Gather round, my shooters.
  Bob has a little prayer here he'd like to offer up.
  Just a little convo with the big man upstairs for a second.
  It happens every year.
  Our God, in these times of need,  our light in these times of darkness  David, do you wanna Oh.
  So is it, like, a small town thing  to end the first date with a kiss on the cheek?  What?  Nothing.
  What?! It's not like it was a bad date or anything.
  Well, it sounds like things got crazy.
  Yeah! I actually introduced him to Beyonce  on the car ride on the way home, so that was very special.
  It's just, if the date's a success with me,  I'll let you know it.
  Okay  I mean, he might as well have shaken your hand.
  Well, he did that too.
  Hey! Hey!  I thought that you could use a proper smoothie!  Well, lucky for you, we're just finishing up.
  Uh, hey, Mutt.
 Do you want a ride?  I'm good.
 Are you sure? It's a long walk.
  I like walking.
  Suit yourself, bud.
  So you don't mind wrapping up?  Bye!  So how are your bowels? Good and tight?  Yes.
 Thank you for the concern.
  Well, I just wanna make sure you got the stomach for this  'cause you, you kinda seem like an indoors-y sort of guy to me.
  You know, delicate.
 Fragile.
 Scrimpy.
  Thank you.
  Okay, get down.
  Have you ever held a gun before?  Uh, yeah, but it wasn't this heavy,  which makes me think that Elton's was actually a toy.
  All right, you gotta  Treat it like it's a newborn baby.
  Have to admit, not into babies  so it's kind of a guessing game for me.
  Oh, you got soft hands.
  Okay, thank you.
 Thanks.
  You don't have to do this.
  Do what? Have fun?  Smell like manure? Get called "scrimpy"?  Who wouldn't wanna sign up for this?  Yeah.
  Oh, uh, Jocelyn, would you grab us a table  while I speak with my husband, please.
  Well, he should join us! And between you and me,  people are noticing you!  Excuse me, cowboy, have you seen my husband?  Oh my God.
 Oh, oh, oh  Look at you.
 Boy, you look like  Who? Who do I look like?  I wanna say Tanya Harding.
  Do you? How about ?  Jocelyn! Mm-hmm.
  Oh my God, that's right! Why Jocelyn?  Because everyone who comes out of that salon  looks just like Jocelyn.
  Wow! And is that you? Is that your wig?  No, it's a dead possum.
 Yes, it's a wig, John.
  Is she still looking at us?  Yes, she is.
 Yes.
 So what happened?  I can't believe you're wearing this.
  This is what I get for being nice, John.
  I'm doing this for Jocelyn because she paid for it,  and it was her "little treat,"  and I didn't have the heart to rip it off my head  much less torch it.
  So, now, until I get in the shower,  I'm stuck looking like every other inmate  in this godforsaken prison.
  She's coming over.
 I just told a joke.
  You did?  You did!  What do you think of your beautiful wife?  Well, which beautiful wife are we talking about here, huh?  Oh  Well, I can't tell you how freeing it is, Jocelyn,  to to try something new like this.
 'Tis.
  I mean, of course, as an actress,  I can imagine what kind of sad character might  But not necessarily.
  Sad?! You think this is a sad look?  No! No.
  Not the look.
 No, Jocelyn,  I'm talking about the inner sadness  that would come from From living in such a  We have to get drinks.
 Several drinks,  don't you think? Let's celebrate!  Let's celebrate drinking! Okay.
  Okay, David,  it's all yours.
 Aim for the face.
  It's looking at me.
  That's it.
 You're locked in.
 It's just you and him.
  Okay  Just point and shoot, David.
  Hard to do when you're talking, Bob.
  There's no one talking now.
  Bob, you're talking.
 What?  Stop talking! Too much talking!  Shoot the bird, David! Shoot it!  Ronnie honestly, if you're not gonna shoot it, I  And in the neck.
 It's still moving.
  Just let it bleed out.
  You okay?  I feel like one of the Manson girls.
  First time's tough.
  Even tougher when you shoot it in the neck  'cause then it takes longer to die.
  Okay, not helping, Ronnie.
  So, now what? Do we just  Wait until its Turkey family comes and shoot them too?  Hey, I think I see them.
  No, no.
  Yes! Heard you.
  Jocelyn! Hi.
 Hi.
  I just wanted to say how fun it was to spend the day with you.
  Oh, Jocelyn, 'tis I who owes you a big thank you.
  I also wanted to apologize for Janine ruining your wig.
  No, don't be silly.
 I was  I was about to Find a shower cap.
  I know you hate your hair, Moira.
  Almost as much as you hate this town.
  But there's a possibility you could be here  a really long time.
  May I offer you something?  The people here are just trying to help you,  and there'll be days when your wigs need conditioning  Or one of your fashion-y blouses shrinks in the dryer,  and you'll have to go to Janine's or get a shirt at the Blouse Barn,  just like the rest of us.
  And I would hate for that day to catch you by surprise.
  I don't hate this town, Jocelyn.
  It's just not mine, and this is not my hair.
  I know.
 It's a wig.
  It's not my style.
  You? On you, it's adorable.
  You have a look that says, "Hi.
 I'm Jocelyn,  and I know who I am!"  For that, you're very fortunate.
 You are.
  I don't who I am from one moment to the next.
  So honestly, dear, I envy you, all right?  But if you ever Ever catch me shopping  at the Blouse Barn,  you must shoot me in the temple.
  Promise?  Promise.
  My son is hunting right now with your husband,  so I I know you people have guns.
  What about what we just did makes you think,  "yeah, you know what? I wanna do this year after year after year"?  Was it the lying in the mud part  or was it Wearing the clothes  That smell like menthol cigarettes and body odor?  'cause usually it's more fun.
  Usually Ray comes and gets wasted and  Spends the whole day singing Carole King ballads.
  David, I  Need a towel, please.
  Is that a new wig? Because  You are reminding me of someone.
  Towel, please.
  I need my towels.
 Uh, what who did this to you?!  You went to Janine's.
  Yes.
 Jocelyn took me to  Jocelyn! You look like Jocelyn!  Jocelyn.
 And what's your excuse?  Oh, um I shot a bird in the neck today.
  It was an indelible image that I had scarred in my mind  until I saw what was Happening up there with you.
  So thank you.
  I'm gonna get your towel.
      

                




                    			1 Mom, can you come here, please?  What?!  I said, come here, please! You come here!  We got a big box sent to us!  We did? It's a package!  Who's it from? I don't know.
  Oh! It's for me!  Thinking of you!  "Dear M.
, hope this helps,  I only wish I could do more, xoxo, J.
S.
P.
"  Justine St.
 Pierre!  David, one of my dear friends is finally reaching out,  and you know what, I knew it would be Justine.
  She can be an angry drunk, but we were always close.
  "Congratulations on your Allez Vous Starter Kit.
"  That frigid whore!  What's Allez Vous?  It's a scam, it's her stupid cosmetics company!  It's a pyramid scheme for desperate housewives,  and struggling actors!  Well, how much can we make from this?  David, it's an insult, we're sending it back!  Well, apparently you can win an Audi.
  What colour?  A Champagne Audi, look at that!  As if you could ever sell enough of this crap to get a car.
  Well, Kristi Stubbs and her team out of Montreal  have sold enough to get the car, so  don't believe everything you read, dear, please.
  Burn it! Except this mascara.
   So Ray can't lend me his car today,  because he has to drive his 92-year-old mother somewhere.
  Where does a 92-year-old woman need to go?!  I don't know, John, perhaps the hospital?  Yeah, well, it's just I needed that car  to get to my appointment today.
  What appointment?  Well, you know, the uh  Thing that I had, I had a thing that I  What thing?  An unemployment thing, okay?  To get unemployment insurance,  I have the meeting this afternoon,  and now I have to grovel to Roland,  to get his truck, in order to get to Elmdale,  to get this money  Well, I think you're brave,  and while I didn't see us living off of food stamps,  I think there is something very masculine about the way  you're taking control of this situation.
  Sweetheart, I'm about to beg for a truck,  in order to beg for money,  I think you've gotta raise that masculinity bar  just just a little.
  Roland! Hey, Johnny.
  Hi! What?  Hi! Can't hear you.
  Hey, turn the motor off!  I can't hear you, the motor's on!  Turn the motor off!  Turn the motor off, you dumb son of a  well, what can I do for you, you "dumb son of a "?  Hey Roland, I need I need to borrow your truck,  I've got a very important appointment today,  and I sure could use it.
  Well of course, Johnny, you know my truck is your truck,  any time you wanna borrow it, it's fine with me, no problem-  well, that's very, very nice, that's so nice.
  Listen, as the owner of the truck,  would you do me one favour, though?  When you return it, can you bring the seats back up,  the way I had 'em, I'd appreciate that.
  I do.
 Well, you don't.
  But if could, I'd appreciate it, that'd be great.
  Well, I think I do!  Here's the keys, Thank you.
   and also, when you return it,  if you don't mind just backing it in,  because in the morning, I have to kinda crick  Yeah, I'll back it in, I'll back it in!  My neck like that, if you could back it in that would be terrific.
  Sure, I'll back it in.
  The wiper fluid, um  I had to replace sooner than usual,  Now, I'm not asking I don't touch the wiper fluid!  Well, okay, somebody did.
 I never use it.
  Yeah well, I guess your "imaginary friend" uses wiper fluid, right?  I don't know! I'm not asking for payback here,  but whatever you think is fair would be terrific.
  Okay, I never use it, though.
  The radio was at a four.
 I like it at a ten, so  Okay, you know what, I'm gonna walk!  Where are you going? I'm gonna walk, Roland!  What do you mean you're walking? I don't want your truck!  No, no, the truck's right there, what are you talking  I don't need your truck!  It's gonna be there all day!  I'm just asking, maybe you could put a little air  in the tires, from time to time.
  Bonjour!  Now that you've opened your Allez Vous starter kit,  let's begin with those essential tips and tricks  you'll need to make up to 600,000 dollars a year.
  That's 50,000 a month,  that's 7,000 dollars a week.
  No, it isn't! She didn't finish high school.
  Now, you've heard of other get rich quick schemes,  but this isn't a scheme, it's a system.
  Look at the work she's had done, it's grotesque.
  Go grab a pen and paper,  because I'm about to share with you some essential  tips and tricks to maximize your sales productivity.
  If this seems like a dream come true,  you need to pay attention to my tips and tricks.
  But the best part is, the products sell themselves!  Okay, where are the tips and tricks?  We've been watching this for five minutes,  she's talking in circles!  Because it's a scam!  But if your father's willing to go out there  and sell his soul, dear,  the least we can do is try to sell this garbage.
  What's this? Huh?  Oh, it's a sunless bronzing.
  Okay, let's sell it, how hard could it be?  You sell you.
  You sell you using Allez Vous.
  Okay, we're going to have a luncheon.
  A luncheon?  Mm-hmm, a luncheon for our little townie friends.
  It's the least we could do.
 Hmm!  System, support, tips, tricks, community, opportunity, tips  Twyla?  Hey, what's up? Nothing.
  So um, Ted ordered toast, not home fries,  and he got home fries, so would you just be a peach, and  Oh, sorry.
  No, you know what? It's okay.
 I'm good with it.
  I like home fries, I'm gonna eat 'em, so.
  First day of a cleanse, so she's a little whoo!  Okay, so I can take it back.
  That would actually be great, if you wouldn't No, no thank you.
  Lex, if you'll just let me eat my breakfast here,  it's not like there's broken glass in it.
  There's broken glass?  No, there is not broken glass in it,  just a lot of great flavours that I can't wait to taste.
  Great!  Thank you.
  I'm just trying to help you.
  Well, if you wanna help, eat something.
  I do not like what this cleanse is doing to your brain.
  You're being very rude!  I'm sorry for yelling.
  Ain't she a beaut?  Boy, is she ever, Bob.
  You know, I uh  I woke up this morning, I said to myself,  Johnny, you've gotta buy yourself a car.
  You may have a business meeting in Elmdale one day,  and you're gonna be in trouble.
  Yeah, I wouldn't have thought this was your cup of tea.
  Oh, this is exactly what I was looking for!  Yeah, I'd love to take this baby out for a test drive.
  Yeah? I've got the keys, let's take 'er for a spin.
  Not with you, Bob, I don't wanna bother you.
  It's no bother.
  I would just love to take this out myself, Bob,  you know, a little peccadillo of mine when I'm buying a car,  I like to experience the car one on one,  just me and the machine,  you know what I mean?  No, I don't.
  I just wanna take it out for a test drive, Bob,  just for a spin.
  So Once around the block?  Oh yeah, once around the block,  you know, maybe around the corner,  up the road a bit.
  What road?  Well, this road, I'll take it up this road.
  Okay, but no lefts, okay?  Because they lead to the highway,  and I really don't want her on the highway.
  Why would I take it on the highway?  driving down that highway of life   feelin' fine and feelin' sunny   going to pick me up some money   You do know that just staring at the fence  isn't gonna help me fix it, right?  Yeah, I am.
  I'm just thinking about Ted, and how nice he is,  and generous,  like, almost too generous.
  And I just wanna grab him by the sweater sometime,  and be like, "stop being so generous and nice!"  He always has been.
  I feel bad thinking about all those times  I pinned him against a locker.
  You pinned somebody against a locker?!  Well, I was a different person then,  a lot changed since after high school.
  So what did he do to make you such a teenage clich?  He always said hi when he passed me in the halls,  and for some reason, it bugged me.
  Yeah, I can see that.
  So he's bugging you.
  What? No! Oh my God, no!  Oh yes.
  No, I'm just saying, generally speaking,  when you order breakfast and they give you the wrong order,  send it back and get the right order.
  I never return food, I think that's so rude.
  Oh no!  Oh, son of a bum!  Son of a bitch!  Argh! What the hell?!  Ugh!  Oh!  Oh!  Well, the good news is all you need is a new fan belt,  and then you'll be right back on the road.
  Good, good.
  Well, it was important I get to Elmdale today, Roland,  I appreciate you helping me out.
  Ah, it's no problem, Johnny.
  So, where in Elmdale am I taking you?  Oh, just the general downtown area will be fine.
  Okay, don't wanna tell me where we're going, interesting.
  It's uh, just just a business meeting,  just I've gotta meet a guy.
  Uh huh, what guy?  A financial guy, it's a financial matter.
  Well Johnny, it's gonna be awfully hard for me  to get you to this meeting if I don't know where we're going!  I mean, why is this such a big secret?  It's not a big secret, it's not a big secret, Roland,  and you're only doing 25, if we could pick it up a little  Oh my God, now you're in such a hurry.
  What's the big rush here? I don't get that, either!  The office closes at four o'clock, that's all.
  What office are you talking about?  The financial guy that I'm seeing, his office  What financial guy?  The guy I'm doing business with, I told you  Where are we going?! The unemployment office!  Okay?  I'm applying for unemployment.
  Jeez pal, your business is your business.
  I don't know why you're telling me!  Well, good afternoon!  Everyone have a full glass, I hope?  We've wanted to have you all here for ages,  you've all so graciously welcomed us  into your heavenly hamlet!  Now, if you'll be so good as to follow me,  David is setting out some hors d'oeuvres  in our adjoining suite.
  David! We have guests!  You were supposed to have cleaned up all these quality products!  I must've lost track of time.
  Now the seating areas are covered in Allez Vous cosmetics!  I know, I just didn't want to put such high quality  paraben and paba free product on the floor!  Come on in.
  Okay, well everything's going super well, I can see, so  well no, come on, we've gotta stay for a bit.
  No, we've made our appearance, and now we can go.
  Your mom asked me to come.
  Well, she asked everybody to come.
  Can you not just say no for one time, Ted?!  Jocelyn, you can hold this lip plumper.
  Ronnie, this is a mineral moisturizer,  you could keep it on your lap, or sample it.
  David, now is not the time to discuss Allez Vous'  preferred customer discounts.
  Oh!  Actually, I think I'm going to be getting lunch elsewhere.
  Can I come with you?  I don't think so.
  Now you get all decisive-y?  I was just so excited about Allez Vous' exclusive  anti-aging formula, and rejuvenation serums.
  Alexis, you'd like this product.
  It's all about aging, and dry skin.
  Oh my God, ew, David!  David, I know you're excited to be part  of the fastest growing multilevel marketing community  on the continent, but honestly!  There's something wrong with your face.
  With my face?  Well, if any of you do happen to have questions  about the products,  or how to make up to 600,000 dollars a year,  I suppose I'd be willing to share with you what I know.
  In the meantime, please, eat, drink,  to your possible beauty!  How can I help you today, sir?  Uh, yes, Johnny Rose, I have an appointment to get some money.
  Get some money?  I need a cheque, preferably today.
  Ideally in the next few minutes,  'cause I have somebody waiting in the car.
  Well, we don't just give out money.
  First we need some information.
  Oh yeah, sure, yeah.
 Hm-hm.
  Your name? Johnny Rose.
  Last employer? Johnny Rose.
  And how long did you work for yourself?  All my life.
  And your reason for being out of work?  I sold my business, and I got screwed by my business manager.
  Did you pay into unemployment insurance?  I don't know, maybe I did, maybe I didn't,  it never came across my desk, I uh  We can't give you money unless you contributed to the program.
  I don't think you're understanding,  I employed people, hundreds of people.
  You see, and now I'm unemployed.
  But that doesn't mean you qualify for unemployment.
  I lost my job!  You lost your business.
  Okay, let me walk you through this.
  You see, I need money to get back on my feet  so I can employ more people,  that might actually end up saving you money in the long run  now, am I the only one who understands  how an economy works around here?!  Let me walk you through this, Mr.
 Rose.
  Unless you can prove that you contributed, you don't qualify.
  If you were laid off, or fired,  or could show that you were out looking for work,  that would be a different story.
  I'd like to talk to your supervisor, please.
  I am the supervisor.
  And, may I say, doing a fantastic job.
  And who's interested?  Well, it doesn't look like anybody's really interested.
  Get out!  I know someone here wants in on this exclusive opportunity!  Moira, honey, that Champagne Audi is really hard to get.
  Excuse me?  Take it from me, Roland and I have been Allez Vous reps  for two years, and we're still driving that old truck.
  Sorry, you're you're an Allez Vous consultant?  I'm actually an executive area manager.
  I'm a district manager.
  I'm an executive district manager.
  I gave up.
  What?!  The Allez Vous craze hit the town a couple years ago,  and you should've seen us!  In two weeks we had sold everything  to the other half of town, and vice versa.
  That's that's funny.
  It became a bit incestuous, yeah, very small sales pool.
  It became literally impossible to climb the ladder.
  Anywho, good luck!  Somehow, we got off on the wrong foot.
  Okay? So if I in any way gave you the impression that-  I am locking up now, Mr.
 Rose.
  Johnny, how long is this gonna take,  'cause I got a couple-  Roland?  Well Marnie, hello.
 How are you?  Haven't seen you in a while.
  Yeah, it has been a while, hasn't it?  Marnie and I were, um, how shall I say it?  "Close friends" in high school.
  Isn't that right, Marnie?  Okay, that's enough of that.
  Marnie likes the bad boys.
  Roland!  Are you taking care of my bad boy over there?  No, she's being quite obstinate about this whole situation.
  I'm getting nothing!  Well, unfortunately, Mr.
 Rose doesn't qualify  for unemployment because he's never had a job.
  Oh well, didn't he tell you about the job  he was doing for me? No, what job?  You didn't tell her?  No-no, not specifically, I-I-uh  Well, that's important information, Mr.
 Rose.
  You working for Roland makes you an employee.
  Yes! Oh! I forgot.
  Well, what were your duties?  Well, I was in more of a consulting position.
  Oh!  No, no, no, no, no.
  It was not a consulting position, he was my assistant,  he was like my little guy Friday.
  He would fetch things for me,  I'd tell him where to go and he'd go running off,  and fetching things for me.
  What were some of the things you fetched?  You fetched like uh Coffee.
  Coffee, you'd get that, and um I get his coffee  Sometimes you'd have to Get a hankie.
  No, you'd pick up, you know Cleaning, his dry cleaning.
  Yeah, you'd have to do that, and then Just when he didn't have time.
  How about these guys down there, those are boots.
  Nothing with the boots, I don't think there was-  Oh, there was something with the boots.
  Polish them every once in a while.
  Every now and then, he had to do that, too.
  He was a hell of a worker and I really, really needed him,  because you know how busy I can get.
  Yes I do.
  Yeah, unfortunately I had to can his ass though,  because of that whole "cut the gravy" thing, so.
  Oh.
 Well  I think we can make this work.
  Hey I come in peace.
  What's this?  I don't know, it's a pre shave follicle mask or something,  I took it from the pile of product that nobody bought.
  Sweet gesture.
  I'm sorry for being rude.
  You have to understand that you're the first  nice guy that I've dated.
  Lex, I am not always nice.
  I just really want my family to like you.
  They don't like me?  No, they do! They do, they've just always seen nice as a sign of weakness,  they take advantage of nice.
  No, nice does not always mean weak, it's  Okay, so get mad, then.
  Say something super mean.
  What, I can't just turn it on in an instant, like you can.
  Okay well, consider it a kind of role play then,  and just let it out.
  I-I don't know  I find your brother can be a little pretentious sometimes.
  Yes, yes!  He is so pretentious, and it is so gross.
  This is good, keep going.
  Well, and your mother  Seems to be a little uninformed at times.
  She's uninformed most of the time.
  This is great, this is really good.
  Keep going!  Well, and you, what about you?  Are you just going to sit around all day,  while I work and buy you dinners?  You've gotta go out there and get a job  Too far.
 Mm-hmm.
  It's too far, okay.
 That's too far.
  All right, and there we go.
  Boy, thank you! Oh, stop it.
  No, no, Roland, I-I owe you big.
  Well um, one day, and that day may never come,  I may call upon you to perform a function.
  Marlon Brando!  Yes, but from what movie?  The Godfather.
  No, it's the one where he's the big mafia guy.
  The Godfather!  Hold on a second, I'll think of it.
  Anyway, I appreciate what you've done, Roland, I really do, I'm-  Don't you worry about it, Johnny, I'm happy to do it.
  Why don't you just get me a little wiper fluid,  and we'll call it even, okay?  Okay, wiper fluid, you got it.
  And also maybe a Kleenex caddy?  I've always wanted one of those.
  That's funny!  It is, but I'm not joking.
  All right, one Kleenex caddy, and wiper fluid.
  Roland, you screwed it up!  Roland!  Roland!  Son of a bitch!  Oh Johnny, I told you not to take 'er on the highway.
  Yeah, I'm sorry, Bob,  I guess I took one of those left turns, and uh, yeah.
  Okay, well, let's get 'er hooked up,  get you back to the garage,  and we'll start on the paperwork.
  What paperwork?  It's all filled in, you just have to sign it, and uh  She's all yours!  I'm not buying this car!  You change your mind?  It broke, twice! It's a broken car!  We'll play a little hardball, okay.
  I'll knock twenty bucks off.
  You couldn't get twenty bucks for scrap!  Oh!  All right, thirty bucks!  How about zero bucks?!  I wouldn't give you a dime for this!  Johnny, you're killing me here!  Fifty bucks!  Oh, you know what, Bob, I'm walking.
 I'm walking!  I'll throw in a couple of floor mats,  but that's my final offer!  Walking!  Hey!  I said bring  the goddamn diaper bag!  Have you seen that couple  that checked in?  They're my cousins.
  Oh.
  John, you're speaking  at the funeral?  Nothing says we'll miss you  like an excerpt  from Breaking Dawn.
      

                




                    			1 Hi, Johnny.
 Can we come in for a moment?  Yes.
 Yes.
  Thank you.
 Hello.
  Oh, hi.
  Is everything okay?  We've got some sad news.
  Uh someone very close has died.
  Sorry.
 Oh  You remember Bob?  No  You broke into his cabin and had sex  while he and his wife were in the next room.
  Oh  That's Bob.
  Yeah, Bob, who was on the town council.
  He's on the town council, yeah Oh, Bob died?  Tsk, tsk, tsk.
  No.
 No, not Bob.
 Bob's brother, Carl, died.
  I don't know Carl.
  We barely know Bob.
  Carl thought so highly of you, Johnny.
  Oh really.
 Well, that's nice.
  No, I honestly don't know the man.
  Well, understandably, Bob is uh  Pretty broken up by all of this  and he asked me to ask you if you'd be willing to um  be a pallbearer at Carl's funeral.
  A pallbearer Mm-hmm.
  at Carl's funeral.
 Well, I don't, um  I, you know, I-I'm flattered.
  It's-it's quite an honour to be-  I knew he would say yes.
 Yeah.
  And-and normally I would I would.
  I-I-I, you know, but my back.
 I have uh  I I-I have back issues.
  Honey? You know, my back.
 What?  The thing with my back.
 Your back!  Oh, it's it's terrible.
  And his arms are so weak.
 Little muscles like corn nuts.
  Yeah, yeah, we're just talking about my back, sweetheart.
  It's awful.
  I don't know what we're gonna tell Bob.
  He's gonna be so disappointed.
  Yeah yeah.
 Well, life can kick you in the teeth sometimes.
  Mm.
 Well, that's not gonna help Bob out too much there, Johnny.
  Mm.
 Yeah.
 Shouldn't bother Carl.
   I said bring the goddamn diaper bag!  Uh, babe, I'm getting the cooler right now  in case you didn't notice.
  Well, Denim has needed a diaper change  since before we left the house!  Oh my God.
  What?  Some townie douchebag is moving in next door.
  They've got a baby.
  Agh!  Is there a gun?  Oh no.
 Jesus! What the hell did you  throw that for?! It's still too hot.
  It's 20 seconds in the microwave not 20 minutes, you tool!  You've lost it.
 You've lost it.
  What the hell are you so rattled about?  What are you doing? Um, I'm gonna go stay at Ted's  because I've been on enough spring breaks  to know how this is gonna end, and it's not not good.
  You're just gonna leave me here with these people?!  Yeah.
 Like I don't feel good about it.
  Um, hello! Hello!  Is anybody in that hollow chest?  Hey, Bob.
 How are you holding up?  Oh you know.
 Not bad.
  You know, they say death is just life  except you're not here.
  You're somewhere else, you know? But  But that's okay because at least you're somewhere,  you know? But when does  When does somewhere become there?  And when does there become here?  And I it Just, just a coffee, please.
  For here? Yeah.
  Okay.
  Bob.
  Hi, Johnny.
 Oh, hi hi.
  You mind if I join you?  I could use a little company today.
  Oh, no, no.
 You-you stay where you are  and I'll I'll come over there.
  Oh! Ooh, baby.
  Ooh, wow.
 Ugh.
  Yikes! That's That hurts today.
  Yeah, Roland, he told me about your back and I  I am so sorry.
  Well well, I'm the one who's sorry, Bob.
  You know, hearing about your, uh, brother C-C-Chris-  Carl.
 Carl.
 Yeah, he was a good man.
  A good man.
 He admired you, Johnny.
  And I him.
 Yeah.
  And I him.
  Listen, uh, I understand about your back  Yeah  And I was just uh.
.
 Just wondering  if, uh, maybe you could say a few words at the funeral?  Well, the thing, uh, the thing is, uh, Bob,  I-I-I don't feel I deserve that honor.
  Oh, see, I'm uh I'm no good at these things.
  You know, you, you're You're polished.
  You know, you're You're well-spoken.
  Oh no.
 No, no.
 Not really.
 Not really.
  I mean, I'm good one on one,  but not-not good in a public situation.
  I clam up pret-pretty good.
  As a favor, Johnny.
  He must have had a few close friends,  somebody that No one.
  Well, sure.
 Sure.
 I can say a few words, Bob.
  I'll say a few words.
  Have you seen the couple that checked in?  They're like really scummy.
 Like very skaggy people,  who happened to produce a child  that hasn't been taken away from them yet.
  Imagine being related to them.
  No, I can't.
 It's too early.
  They're my cousins.
 Oh! Well, the um  The baby's relatively normal looking.
  No, no they're definitely skaggy.
  My God, they're so skaggy.
  Hmm.
 Wait, so you're related to Carl?  Not genetically.
  My mom's sister was married to Carl.
 Carl is Sean's step-dad.
  And was that a factor in the cause of death?  I wouldn't be surprised.
  They broke up just before Sean got Bree pregnant.
  Or someone got Bree pregnant.
  I mean, Bree's not exactly fussy  when it comes to introducing men to her vagina.
  Mm.
 Charming.
  Tell me it's not always this clean in here.
  No, it's-it's always this clean.
  Oh it smells so fresh!  Uh that's the Febreeze.
  I was I was eating Indian last night, so  So much better than the motel.
  At least you know what the smell is.
  Oh, ho-oh! Oh  Hey, come on now, you two, Oh, hi! Hi.
  Come on.
 Hi there.
 Ooh!  Oh-ho-ho there's a good girl.
 There's a good girl!  They're so Well, Macy and Fifer are just staying with me  for a couple of weeks until they get back on their feet.
  Isn't that right, Fifey?  Yeah, your worms are almost all gone, aren't they?  Yeah  Is that a diaper on that little cutie?  Yup.
 Oh! You know what though? Whoa'kay.
 This is just  This is because she's She's She's scared right now.
  But don't worry.
  I can tell that you are gonna win them over.
  Yeah ? Yeah.
  I just-I haven't um been I haven't-I don't-  I'm not around dogs a lot, so  No, you know what? Don't even worry about.
  Just for tonight,  think of them as our kids.
  Right? Oh yeah  John, you're speaking at the funeral?  The man was weeping.
 What was I supposed to do?  You take his hands in yours,  you look him in the eye, and say, "no.
"  What do you say about guy you couldn't care less about?  Oh, it's Gord what's-his-name's funeral all over again.
  Who's Gord what's-his-name? Exactly.
  He was some kind of crew-person on Sunrise Bay.
  I made an obligatory appearance at the service  and his hysterical girlfriend cornered me into saying a few words.
  I didn't have a thought in my head,  so I just stood up and sang "Danny Boy.
"  Not a dry eye in the house.
  Huh  God, I love this bed.
  I'm so glad you're not my brother.
  Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty glad about that too.
  But let me assure you, tonight it is just you and me.
  Um  Hey, the little guy is looking at us.
  Oh, yeah, dogs sometimes do that.
  Um maybe we could invite it to go? Go away.
  Oh, she's fine.
 She's fine.
 She's fine.
  Oh, now you want in on the action, too, huh?  Okay, the the big one is sniffing the diaper.
  Does does that mean it's full?  Okay.
 What is ?  Okay, you guys, just give us a little bit of time here  and then you can come sleep with us, okay? Okay?  Okay, where were we?  Hmm Mm  Out! Out!  Pass the chips!  Hello.
 Excuse me.
  Excuse me!  Hey! Excuse me!  Hey! Go.
 Excuse me, hi.
  Oh, Buttons,  I don't think you're invited to this one, huh?  I don't wanna be invited to this one.
  Hey, look who it is.
 It's your dad.
  He's here to take you home! Yeah, yeah  Remember that?! Yeah!  You remember that one?!  No.
  I'm just pumpin' your tires, bud! Okay.
  Look, what you gotta understand  is that my ex-stepdad just died,  so we're here celebrating his life, okay?  Okay, you all seem very devastated by this.
  I need you to turn-mm.
  I need you to turn the music down, okay?  Because I-I'm trying to get couple hours Sleep tonight.
  Oh, sleep? Well, you know who's sleeping forever, bud?  Your ex-stepdad, yeah.
 My ex-stepdad, yeah.
  Yup, yeah.
 Damn, that's sad  Okay, thank you.
 If you could just turn it.
.
 Are we out of mix?  Thank you.
  Oh my God.
  Don't  Oh my  Oh my God!  I am so sorry.
 They got me  They got me wasted.
  Mm-hmm.
 I hate them, okay?  I hate them so much.
  You smell very flammable right now.
  Yes, I'm sure  I'm gonna need you to get them to turn it down, okay?  Yes! Yeah.
  Hi, Denim.
 Hi, sweetie pie.
  David, I so sorry.
  Johnny.
 Hello, Bob.
  Moira, so good of you to come.
  John said we had no choice.
  Listen, we have some good seats down front.
  Oh, that's very nice.
  Boy, what a beautiful day for a funeral.
  Bob in case I wanna mention this in my remarks,  how-how did Carl go?  Well, it was a bit of a freak accident, really.
  Apparently, he was trying to unhook his belt from the ceiling fan  and apparently it It got knotted around his neck.
  What?  Yeah, you know, you'd think the whole thing  would've come down, you know,  keeping a fan and a body spinning up there for two days.
  But uh Carl found the studs on that one.
  Oh  Yeah  That's craftsmanship.
  Oh, yeah.
  But that uh That was Carl.
  Do you even know what that stain is or ?  Uh I'm worried if I did, I wouldn't clean it up.
  Why are you cleaning it up?  Sadly, um, I threw most of the broken glass you see here.
  You were a bit of a mess last night.
  They told you?  Oh, no, no.
 We had a full-blown conversation.
  You were barely clinging to consciousness.
  Oh.
 Sorry.
  Did I try and make out with you?  Mm-mm.
 Good.
  But now I'm worried I made out with someone else.
  Uh, it's kind of my go-to when I'm a little boozy.
  Mm.
 Mine's shame eating, so yours sounds more fun.
  Huh.
  Um  Is this your thong or ?  Yeah, no.
 Bree's a real classy girl.
  Uh, his was wrapped around the remote.
  Don't worry, I threw out the remote.
  Hmm.
  Well, it looks like they have a side hustle.
  Uh, I'm pretty sure she strips.
 Why?  Oh no, this is just a lot of um  Yes, it is.
 Marijuana.
  And if you're offering, my answer is yes.
  Thank you for that, Shannon.
  Nothing says we'll miss you like an excerpt from "Breaking Dawn,"  one of Carl's favourites of the Twilight movies.
  Now, to say a few words,  I'd like to bring up a close friend  and one of Carl's personal heroes  Johnny Rose.
  Thank you minister.
  Carl  What to say about Carl ?  Once so full of life  and now lying very, very close to me.
  What a terrible thing death is  And yet, for Carl,  pretty much an all-consuming thing at this point.
  He-he was a- he was a man who loved  A good sweater I'm told.
  And-and he loved the feel of big tool in his hand,  am I right, Bob?  And I wonder,  when Carl was spinning around on that ceiling fan  that he was so very proud of,  was he ever thinking of this town  where he was born where he lived,  and where he died Where he died.
  But I-I-I'm not up here today  to speak about dying in Schitt's Creek.
  I'm-I'm here-I'm-  Where the hell are you, Sean?!  At a bar?!  If anyone should be in a bar right now, it's me.
  Sean!  Excuse me.
  Well I-I am here to talk about dying in Schitt's Creek!  I'm here to talk about the misery of our lives here  and how we might never escape this place,  and how we do not wanna end up in a coffin, like Carl,  here in this godforsaken-  Oh, Danny boy,   the pipes, the pipes are calling   From Glen to Glen  And down the Mountain side   but God   So I'm sorry  if, earlier, I wasn't sensitive to your animal issues.
  And if it's any consolation, the dogs told me to tell you  that they're super embarrassed about their behaviour, too.
  Well, I am dating a vet.
 I should've known that  There'd be slutty little animals running around.
  And I only take in the slutty ones, so  I just I didn't know what to do  because I love the dogs so much, but  You know, I also really love  The way that our relationship is going right now so much.
  Mm such a sweet face.
  So, to get you more comfortable around animals  Not a puppy, Ted! I  No, that would be cruel to the puppy.
  No, I got you this.
  "Opening your heart to animals: A guide to the benefits  of caring for something other than yourself.
"  It's a very specific book.
  You might wanna check out page 37.
  Is it a credit card?  No.
 It's a room key  To the premium king suite  at the Holiday Inn Express in Elmdale,  and they have a very strict no pets allowed policy.
  Well it just so happens  that I have packed my overnight bag.
  Hmm.
 Come here.
  Thank you.
 No.
 Thank you.
  No.
 Thank you! Thank you.
  Thank you! Thank you.
  Thank you!  You know where I got my hat, brah?  Where?  "Assholes' R 'Us".
  Oh! Ow!  Oh! Oh my God.
  Oh my God! We need to go.
  We need to go! We need to go!  I don't see it I don't see it.
  Let me see it- Shhh  The?!  Shhhhhh!  My hat.
.
 I'm wearing it.
  I'm wearing it  So I'm thinking to myself,  "Oh, God, what if die here?"  Mm.
 That was not lost on anyone.
  Uh, let's pilfer a few sandwiches  and make a gracious French exit.
  Good idea.
  Moira! Your "Danny Boy" What a voice.
  Oh, thank you.
 Yeah.
  I-I'd really like you to sing at my cousin's funeral.
  She's not dead, but  She's been coughing a lot lately.
  Moira, before they close the coffin,  One more chorus for Carl?  Please?  Take your time, honey.
  Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh ooh ooh   Oh   Danny   Boy   The pipes, the pipes are   Call-all-all-ling   It's our annual  Hawaiian night.
  Pineapples, pig on the spit,  the whole nine yards.
  Oh, you, uh, roast pig?  We do!  So, who's pig do we have to  slaughter to get an invite?      

                




                    			This was a good choice.
  Yep.
  We make good choices.
  Mm-hmm, this was a really healthy choice.
  Well, I'm gonna go to work now.
  Okay.
  Which is where I should've been fifteen minutes ago.
  Mm-hmm.
  Stevie?  Oh, Stevie!  What?  It's your dad, he saw me! (Bleep)!  It's the towels again, we need towels!  Your dad can't know about this!  It's humiliating for me!  Stevie, is this where you keep the towels?  If it is, I'd love a key!  Okay!  Here you go.
  Okay, this is a face cloth, and a bath mat.
  Oh! Uh  I will get you some towels and I will bring them to your room.
  Oh, I'd love to take them with me, I need them now.
  Oh, no, no, no, no, no!  I will deliver them to your room.
  Stevie!  Is everything okay?  Yes, I'm just a little tied up right now.
  Is anyone in there? What? No!  Are you in danger? Blink if you're in danger.
  Stevie!  That's really not necessary.
  Okay well, I'm going back to my room now  And I'm gonna call the police!  No, Mr.
 Rose, please don't call the police!  Dad, please just take the towels, and go!  Oh  Well, I uh, I've got everything I need  Good seeing you both.
   Um, what happened with Stop!  What um Okay, what happened- You said something about-  You slept with Stevie!  What, did dad tell the whole motel?!  Well no, but I heard through the wall,  'cause he was doing his high pitched voice.
  So, was it cute for you, or what?  It was fine, it was weird, it was weird, it was good.
  Love that.
 It was good but weird.
  I love that!  Um, okay, so I have to tell you this,  um, Ted wants to meet my friends,  So I think it's getting kinda serious.
  It's been two weeks.
 I know.
  What's your point, David?!  Ugh! So anyway,  We're throwing a party at his place tonight,  so I would say be there around like, seven.
  That's presumptuous, what if I have plans?  That's so cute, bring Stevie!  No, I'm not bringing Stevie, it's not a good time,  I'm gonna let the dust settle on that Well okay, but Ted's already getting groceries,  and I may I already invited her.
  So it's gonna be fun!  David, it's gonna be so much fun!  Children, children!  Your father and I have something to discuss.
  I'm really busy right now, though.
  I can't right now, I don't have time.
  We understand you have found some local friends  with whom to spend "time" with Oh my God!  Okay, I can't deal with this right now-  And that's fine.
  But we do have to be careful with our hearts and our parts.
  Because a podunk baby out of wedlock  is not something your father and I can afford  to negotiate at this moment.
  Well, that's crazy,  because all I want to negotiate right now  is some podunk baby out of wedlock! So-  Okay, hi.
 Hi!  I don't wanna sound negative about this at all,  but I think that you two really actually need to consider  the idea of um Getting a life.
  Alexis, I would not concern yourself with your mother and me,  because we have a flourishing social life here.
  Walking over to the cafe and ordering a tuna melt  is hardly what I would call a flourishing social life.
  Oh, that's funny.
 That's funny.
  Yeah, it's just that you're so involved  in our lives right now,  and that was fine when we were child actors for a little bit,  but now David and I are grown up adults,  and we're just feeling very like, um  Suffocated.
 Suffocated.
  Suffocated?! Wait, stop, stop!  We came in here to speak about you two!  What could you possibly have to say now?  Well, now I don't remember.
  Yeah, I don't remember.
  Oh my God! Thanks.
  You know, the more I think about it,  the more I wonder whether David's whole  "Sexually adventurous" thing was just a phase.
  It's not a phase.
  Well, you know, he was very influenced in college,  all those haircuts.
 It's not a phase, John!  The kids are right,  we've been talking about them far more than I care to do.
  Something about that top that just knocks me out, baby!  Hey, how you doing?  Ah, okay  Jocelyn, hi! Hi, Moira.
  Why don't you join us?  Moira, what're you doing?  Attempting to be social, support me.
  Won't you, please? Hey, sure! Hi!  Of course.
  Hello! Well!  Hello.
 Hello.
  Good to see you!  Look at us, all being together!  Yes Jonathan and I were just saying,  wouldn't it be fun to have the mayor and his wife  over for cocktails and charades tonight!  Yes Tonight.
  Oh, yeah, no, unfortunately that's not gonna work for us.
  We're having a huge party tonight at our place.
  Ton of people coming to our house.
 Whoo!  Oh yeah, big!  But we're free any other night, other than tonight.
  Hey.
 So, um  So the other so, last night um  That was just a Was a one time thing.
  That was a one time Like a blip.
  Just a blip Just a blip blop.
 Just a  My sister said that she uh  Invited me to Ted's, yeah.
 Yes, she'd asked you to Ted's.
  Yeah.
 Yep, um  Okay, well I'm gonna leave from here,  should I just come by your place,  and get you when I'm done?  Yeah, we can go together, 'cause that's  That's like, a totally normal thing for us to do.
  Why would it not be? No, it's not! I mean  So um  So, cool! Yeah, no, this is a good thing.
  So I'll just um  I'll see you when you swing by, so  Yeah, I'll be-  okay, all right, blippity blop.
 Blippity blip.
  You're quiet today.
  Am I?  It's just that you're not talking,  and it's annoying, because I'm bored.
  Can't we just think and work,  or do we always have to talk?  Okay, you're being super sketchy and emo right now,  what is going on?  Have you ever been in a relationship  where you find yourself cheating Yes!  With someone in your dreams?  Oh, what?  Oh.
 Um you know that if it's in your dreams,  or over the clothes, it's not cheating, right?  Yeah well, it's been happening a lot lately,  and then I look over and I see Twyla, and I feel bad.
  Also, Ted is throwing a party tonight,  maybe that's something exciting for you two to do together?  That's probably not such a good idea.
  Mmm  Oh.
 Oh! Oh.
  I'm sorry, what kind of event are you hosting this evening?  Event!  Oh, it's more of a soiree.
  He's just teasing, it's our annual Hawaiian night.
  Pineapples, pig on the spit, the whole nine yards.
  Oh, you roast pigs?  We do! Sure do.
  We have a big one hanging in the garage.
  Hm-hm.
  Wow, it sounds like um quite the evening.
  So whose pig do we have to slaughter to get an invite?  Oh my goodness, well, um  We just didn't think that you and Johnny would wanna come, so  Well, that's a touch presumptuous Jocelyn,  why would we not want to be involved  in a themed party in your yard?  Right.
  Well, I mean, for one thing,  you know, the two of you are a little  A little what?  Hoity-toity.
  All right, I've said it.
  We didn't think that you'd wanna hang out with "regular people.
"  What?  Regular people?!  Regular people are how Rose Video became such a-  Right, c-careful, Moira.
  Regular people! I mean, they made us who we were-  What am I trying to say?  We love regular people.
  W-we love regular people.
  Well, by all means then, the two of you are invited.
  Thank you!  So, just to be clear, um, I'm a red wine drinker.
  That's fine.
 Okay, cool.
  But uh, I only drink red wine.
  Okay.
  And up until last night I was under the impression  that you too only drank red wine.
  But I guess I was wrong?  I see where you're going with this.
  Um I do drink red wine.
  But I also drink white wine.
  Oh.
 And I've been known to sample the occasional Rose.
  And a couple summers back I tried a Merlot,  that used to be a chardonnay.
  Uh-okay.
 Which got a bit complicated.
  Yeah, so, you're just really open to all wines.
  I like the wine, and not the label.
  Does that make sense?  Yes, that does.
 Okay.
  Um, this is just very new to me,  so as long as you didn't roll over,  and cry yourself to sleep with regret,  then we're good, right?  No, no, no, I absolutely did that.
  Just wept for hours in the dark.
  I say we go with this one, it's the biggest.
  Wow Ted, the place is very New looking.
  Did you design the interior?  Oh, I wish!  No, I found this website online that sells off  old department store show rooms.
  So this whole room-  Just gets delivered, as is.
  This is the "bachelor's den" here,  and then that's the "executive dining lounge"  that I got on black Friday.
  Wow! Yeah.
  Wow.
  So Are we the only ones showing up to this party?  No, we're still waiting for Mutt and Twyla.
  Oh, I should take the rolls out of the microwave.
  Hot rolls!  Alexis had just said that this was a "party" party.
  Ah well, you must've been misinformed then, David.
  No, it's a dinner party.
  I wanted to get to know Alexis' friends a bit,  so I figured we'd invite a few couples over,  huh, have some dinner, play some games?  You guys showed!  Yeah, why wouldn't we show?  Twyla, I love your outfit,  you look like a little Georgia peach!  Hi.
 So, where is everybody?  I thought this was a party.
  It is, it's an exclusive little party.
  Hey, who turned off don ho?!  Oh hey, aloha, Roses! Look who it is.
  It's the Schitts!  Hey! Yeah, there you go.
  Jocelyn.
 Moira.
  Ooh, Johnny!  I gotta tell you, that suit,  that's pretty dangerous to wear at a party like this!  I just wanna wipe my hands all over that!  Oh!  You just keep getting funnier.
  I'm not joking though, I really do.
  Moira, I have to ask you, are those wigs real hair?  I just wanna reach out and just touch them-  oh, please don't!  No, Maureen does not like to be manhandled!  Sorry, sorry.
 Hey Roses, if I tell you a secret,  you promise to keep it?  Uh no, I don't think we would, what is it?  Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh! Johnny  Now listen, I'm the guy in charge  of upholding the law around here,  so if you have any ideas about turning me in,  you'd just be turning me in to myself!  Spark it up, Roley! Spark it up.
  You got it, honey.
  Listen, I don't know if you guys wanna partake in this,  because I'm sure your fancy dinner parties  didn't have illegal substances!  Illegal substances.
  Amateurs.
  We had friends in the fda, but  When in Rome.
  Well damn, Roses!  Let this party begin.
  I'll fire up the cheese fountain!  Oh!  No thank you.
  So Mutt, did you two criminals  do any good for the community today?  You washed a car, wow.
  The judicial system is really cracking down  on its delinquents these days, huh?  You know what I always wondered,  what do you two talk about all day out there?  Nothing.
  I mean we talk, but  We don't really talk about anything important.
  So Like what?  Like, nothing!  Okay, um  Like, Mutt was having a bad day today,  so we talked about that.
  You didn't tell me you were having a bad day.
  Ted, this is delicious.
 Mm-hmm.
  I didn't mean a bad day, Twy,  I just meant like, he was questioning things.
  Thank you, Stevie, I ordered it online from Nevada.
  No sales tax.
  What were you questioning? It's nothing.
  So when the lasagna gets delivered,  does it come frozen, or ?  Okay, I just uh  I don't know why you didn't feel comfortable  talking to me about it.
  It's not important.
  That's why I was talking to Alexis about it.
  Stevie, how long have you and David been um  It's very fresh, and new.
  No, it's not.
 It is, I would say.
  Uh uh!  So everyone knows?  Knows what? These two have  What an elegant gesture, Ted.
  I-I'm sorry, I thought everyone knew.
  No.
 It's okay.
  Sorry!  I've been with these people before.
  I know them all.
  Wow, you've really been getting around town.
  No, I was with them in my other life.
  I'm gonna tell you something.
  I'm from a small town, just like this.
  No, I'm not buying that!  It's true.
 Really?  Why would you leave?  Oh God, I couldn't wait to get out.
  I was dying there.
  Have you never dreamed?  Of a life beyond?  You have what ifs, like, what if  I had enlisted in the military,  what if Roland hadn't been such a smooth talker, what-  oh man, what if!  What if I had not been crowned "miss snow cone" at 16,  and moved to the city with my driving instructor?  Awesome.
  And what if I had not hand modeled  at that microwave trade show?  Yeah.
  What if I didn't ask,  who's the eyebrows buying everyone's drinks?  Wow, now you know.
  Whatever happened to privacy?  Now your whole family thinks I'm this big hooker!  My whole family does not think you're a big hooker!  It a funny one night thing!  Everyone here is fine with it.
  It was funny?  Yeah, it was a f-it was a fun-  it was a-it was a funny-it was-yes.
  I had a best friend that hooked.
  She married one of her Johns on my birthday.
  Wow, so cool!  It's not the time, Twyla.
  Um Stevie, I don't think you're a big hooker.
  You don't talk all dinner,  and now you're telling me I can't talk about Trixie?!  I'm sorry, it's just I think sometimes you have a tendency  to say the wrong thing, that's all.
  Is there a right time to talk about being a hooker?  I bet nobody thought sex with Trixie was funny.
  I never said it was bad!  Okay, you know what I think is happening,  is things are just getting blown out of proportion,  and honestly, if Alexis,  you just tell us what you and mutt were talking about,  it'd probably help.
  Oh my God, Ted!  We were just washing a car, and talking about bad dreams.
  Okay? Okay.
  You sound a little defensive.
  I'd agree.
 Well  You know what, i just remembered,  I have to wake up early tomorrow,  I have an early check in.
  Uh, nobody checks in.
  Tomorrow someone is, early.
  Uh Ted, you have a really special place,  and we should all do this again some time.
  David, would you mind walking me home,  I don't think we're finished talking.
  Oooh, David!  Don't!  My son lives in a barn in the woods, by choice!  He could be the next mayor of this town if he wanted it.
  My son is "pansexual.
"  Mm-hmm, I've heard of that.
  I know what that is, that's uh  That cookware fetish.
  No.
 Mm-hmm!  No, no.
 No, I read about that!  No, he loves everyone, men, women,  women who become men, men who become women.
  I'm his father, and I always wanted his life to be easy.
  But you know, just pick one gender, and maybe,  maybe everything would've been less confusing.
  Well You know Johnny,  when it comes to matters of the heart,  we can't tell our kids who to love.
  Who said that? You did.
  When?  You just said it now! When?  Now, right this second, you just said it.
  And you're right, you can't tell them.
  And I'm fine with that.
  Whoa, thank you for playing along.
  I'm sorry, I just had to get out of there,  it was like being in an episode of "couples therapy.
"  Okay wait, this was all a put on,  just to get out of dinner?  Yeah, I thought you were in on it.
  Well, you deserve a daytime Emmy for that performance.
  Thank you, I think so.
  Okay, so you're not like, raging mad at me, then.
  No.
 I think it's fair to say that neither of us  have ever worked with a ceiling mirror before.
  True.
 It was funny!  And a little humiliating.
  Yeah, I uh  Saw a lot of my body, and I didn't like it.
  Mm-hmm.
 So  I'm actually that way.
  Okay, yeah, I was um-  wondering if maybe we should um  Try it again, for the sake of practice?  I'd be into that idea  For the sake of proficiency.
  So I guess we won't be playing headbandz.
  Why did you say that? Oh my God.
  What the hell  Just don't, just stay here.
  Oh, hello again!  Spending another night together?  Dad!  Oh, Stevie, I hope you're being smart.
  Oh my God! Oh my God!  Because we can't afford a baby right now,  and, let's be honest, neither can you!  Okay, well, I think it's about time that you two go to bed.
  Excuse me!  David, I just want you to know that I support this.
  Not the fact that you're sleeping with a girl, which is great.
  But you know, I'd be just as happy  if you were to bring home one of your guy friends.
  What are you talking about?!  Excuse me while I just go draw a warm bath,  and plug in my hair dryer.
  No, no, Stevie!  You're a lovely girl, lovely girl.
  Bit of an edge, but you know, it's growing on me.
  David, I just want you to know that I endorse  all your sexual encounters.
  A-are you drunk?!  Grass, too much grass.
  A little bit, but.
 What the ?  Hey, track that cycle, missy!  Okay, good night!  Hey, good night!  Good night.
  Hey!  Come in and say hi  to your aunt Dee Dee.
  Better hurry before she  disappears for another decade.
  We should probably establish  some boundaries about this whole  friends with benefits thing.
  Can we do that after  you screw Mr.
 fix-it? Or  Hey!      

                




                    			Agghhhhhh! (Bleep) me! (Bleep) me!  What? (Bleep) me!  What? John, there's something in the bed!  What? Something crawled up my leg and I can't see it!  What? I can't see it!  A spider? No! Something invisible like  Lice, or scabies, or bed bugs!  Oh, we don't have bed bugs.
  Oh, John, I can't afford to burn all my clothes!  Oh, Moira, relax.
  Just relax.
 If we had lice, I'd have lice!  Guess who?  Deedee?!  Hi, Momo.
 What the hell?  Sorry.
 I know I should've called, but um I just thought  it'd be really fun to come see my older sister  in her new digs.
 You know, a little visit.
  Oh.
 Um do you really have lice?  I'd hate to contract lice.
   So, Deedee, you are looking well.
  Seaweed facials.
 I get one every week.
  But enough about me, I wanna talk about you guys.
  Mm.
 I want you to know that I  Really wanted to come and visit you  when I heard about your life collapsing,  but I got this really big job promotion that week  and things got, you know, kinda crazy.
  Plus, we haven't really seen much of each other recently.
  Yes, well, we've had kind of a hectic year.
  Well, thank goodness for the Internet!  Seemed to be the only thing letting me know  you two were still alive.
  Telephone is also amazing!  You just push the buttons and say,  "Hi, it's me, your deadbeat sister.
"  Well, it's a treat seeing you two going at it again.
  Kids!  Come in and say hi to your aunt Deedee!  Better hurry before she disappears for another decade.
  Oh! What?  Look at you guys! You've grown!  Why did I think that you were dead?  Ah, you're so sweet.
  Now how long has it been since we've seen each other?  I think you crashed one of my pool parties  with some guy you were calling "Uncle Julio.
"  Oh!  I remember that.
  All right, you guys treat yourself, okay?  Buy yourself something nice.
  A hundred dollars?! Oh my goodness, wow.
 Oh my God! Oh my God,  I missed you! I missed you so much!  I missed you so much!  Oh gosh, look at that.
 They are sweet kids!  I don't know what you were so worried about, Moira.
  Deedee, what are you doing here?  Are you staying here at the motel?  Can I get you a room?  No.
 God no.
  No, I mean no, I I booked myself into a junior suite  at the Comfort Inn in Elmdale, thank you.
  This is very darling, it's just it doesn't have a gym  and I'm kind of in the best shape of my life right now  and I kinda wanna keep it that way.
  Okay.
  Okay, so you're saying that I would be as in shape as you are  if I just fixed lights all day?  Pretty much.
  Well a few pull ups here and there.
  Okay, so you do workout.
 You are such a liar!  Oh! Wow! Did Stevie say something funny or ?  Grant, this is David Rose.
 Hi.
  He's one of our permanent guests here.
  Don't say that again.
  Grant does repairs around here.
  Oh, great.
 He was also just trying to tell me  that he got that body from just being a handyman.
  Well, isn't Grant just a big fat liar!  Um I gotta grab the right marette, so  My head is all over the place.
 She keeps distracting me.
  Wow.
 He is wearing a tight shirt!  So is he gonna do some repairs on your on your undies?  Who's to say he hasn't already.
  Wow! Great.
  Why, is that a problem for you?  No.
 No.
 Do you.
  Do him.
 Do both.
 Do things.
  Great.
 I think I might.
 Yeah.
  Good.
 Jump in.
  So  We should probably establish some boundaries  about this whole friends with benefits thing.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
 No, let's do that.
  Let's, uh, let's put up some boundaries  uh, for the infrequent benefits that our friendship has.
  I think that's really good.
  Can we do that after you screw mister fix-it  or would you like to do it now?  Let's throw some boundaries up.
  'Kay.
  Hey, Twyla.
  Twyla!  Twyla?!  I'm so sorry.
 I really didn't think that was gonna hit you.
  That's okay.
 Your mom did the same thing to me this morning.
  Okay.
 What can I get you guys?  Just coffees.
 Thanks.
  So what's going on over there?  I'm just working on something.
 Just a little thing for Mutt.
  Oh! Is it his birthday or something?  No.
 Um, my dad always said,  "When in doubt, say it with a song.
"  He was a roadie with Fleetwood Mac  and that was the last thing Mick Fleetwood said to him  Before the band hit him with a restraining order.
  So you're writing a song for Mutt then?  Yeah, I'm trying to.
  Cute! So what, is it about  Your feelings, or is it love and what?  Are we shooting a Dateline investigative report?  No we're not.
  I'm just looking out for my friend.
  Um honestly, Twy, ixnay on the ongsay.
  Because I tried it once  and the guy ripped the guitar out of my hands  and he just started smashing it on the ground.
  Granted, I'm tone deaf and he was a  He was a super angry marine, but  Just let the girl write her boyfriend a song!  Okay, I know! And I'm all for it, I'm all for it.
  I just think it's um  I think it's a super big mistake.
  David!  Jocelyn.
 Hi.
  Can I ask you something?  Uh that depends.
  How shall I put this?  You strike me as the sort of person  that had a hard time in high school.
  Thank you.
  Your floral top, for instance.
  Is there something I can help you with?  Well, there's a new kid in my school  and he's having a little trouble fitting in.
  Mm-hmm.
  He's also struggling with his sexuality,  which I think that you may be also  What can I help you with, Jocelyn?  Well, I was thinking, wouldn't it be wonderful  if you could come down to the school,  you know, maybe talk to him  and tell him that things only get better.
  The idea of me life coaching another human being  should scare you.
 A lot.
 I don't  I knew there was a good person in there somewhere, David.
  Oh, and honey, get the quilted;  that other stuff will chafe you right up.
  So this is weird.
  Um, today marks the longest relationship  that I've ever voluntarily had with someone.
  Voluntarily.
  Yeah.
 The actual longest relationship was um  A three month affair with a Saudi prince,  but for the last two months of that  I was trapped in his palace trying to get to an embassy.
  Um, so hey.
 How is it going with you and Twyla?  You guys are looking cute.
  Uh I don't know.
  Why? What's going on?  I dunno.
 It it's nothing.
 It's fine.
  Okay, if my boyfriend ever described  our relationship as "fine," I think I would literally  it's just it feels like it's run its course.
  What? And I think we've both known it for a while now.
  Oh.
  Oh, give me a break.
 How did you find me?  Well, where else is there to go?  And Johnny may have told me.
  Thank you, Johnny.
  Moira, why are you making this so difficult for me?  Oh where do I start?  Um, you know, I think it's best we don't go there.
  No, I'd like to go there.
 Please, take me.
  Fifty thousand dollars.
 Does that sound familiar?  Yes.
 You gave that to me as a downpayment No! Loaned it.
  You gave it to me as a down payment  for my buffalonian town house.
  We handed you the money and you said ?  Thank you? Oh, too late.
  Well, Moira, considering you had  over 500 million dollars in the bank,  I'm a little personally offended that I didn't get more.
  Go away, Deedee.
  No.
 No.
 Not until I do what I came here to do.
  Didn't want to hurt your feelings, but I forgot.
  Don't you dare.
 You don't have feelings.
  Don't you dare.
 Yes, yes.
 I am paying you back.
  It's not everything, but it's a start.
  So walk me through this  She offered you a cheque and you turned it down?  She was insulting us!  Moira, the woman dates dive bar owners, okay?  Let her insult us!  Well, I don't know whether you've noticed,  but we could use the money.
  You talk about bed bugs?  That check could pay for fumigation.
  Better yet, we could move to a place  that doesn't have bed bugs.
  I don't want her money.
 I want our money.
  She owes us! We loaned her $50,000 dollars!  We gave her $50,000 dollars,  and you spent more than that on wigs that year.
  I don't see any one else lining up to give us cheques.
  Why are you taking her side?  I'm not taking her side, but she's offering us a way out  and you're letting your pride get in the way.
  It's all I have left, John, literally.
  Swallow it, Moira.
  I can't.
 Yes, you can.
  And then we can buy a case of champagne  to wash it down with.
  So you and Grant.
  How are things going?  Uh well, he asked me out for dinner tonight,  so we're gonna do that.
  We're gonna go for dinner, Grant and I.
  Yeah! Yeah, that's  Well, he seems like a really like respectable guy.
  Like one of those guys that has like a  Candy bowl of condoms on his bedside table or something.
  Oh, hope so.
 Wonder what colour I'll get.
  Yeah!  So I am mentoring a teen in crisis later.
  That's what I'm doing.
  One of Jocelyn's students, so  He's being bullied because he's different,  so I'm helping to change his life.
  Giving back, so  Wow Yeah.
  And on a scale of one to ten,  how much are you looking forward to that?  Three point five.
 I'm gonna leave you be  because it's not everyday you get to go on a date  with a guy who owns a windowless van, so  Oh, Grant.
  Hi!  What're you doing? You checking out porn again?  I'm gonna go.
  I'm gonna go.
 Um  Warmest regards to you both.
  Best wishes.
  Such a weird dude.
  Yes.
 Yes, he is.
  You must be Connor.
  Yeah.
  I don't know how much Mrs.
 Schitt has told you,  but she asked me to come in and have a chat.
  She thinks that since we're both new here  it might be worth talking about some things  like, you know, fitting in.
  Apparently you're having trouble fitting in.
  Who who who are who are you?  Oh, my name is David.
  Are you like a doctor or something?  A psychologist?  Am I what? N-uh, no.
  So why would I talk to you?  I don't know.
 Because your teacher is concerned  that you're having trouble adjusting.
  So she told you to come here and and what, help help me?  Look at you.
 Look at your pants.
  Excuse me! I am sensing a tinge of disrespect here.
  I'll tell you what my problem is.
  I'm a 16-year-old gay kid  living in a town that makes me wanna throw up.
  The issue isn't me not fitting in.
  It's me not wanting to fit in.
  Is there anything else you wanna, you wanna help me with?  No.
  Go ahead and order whatever you want.
 This is on us.
  Oh.
 They're letting you run up a long tab, are they?  You see?  Well, I hear the pork is very good here.
  The ribs, the chops, the roast  Nothing for me, thanks.
  Well, isn't that funny.
 Because Moira doesn't eat here either.
  But I will be eating and I just don't know  whether to have the ribs or the chops,  but I'm definitely ordering pork.
  If you mention pork one more time  Moira, um don't you have something  you wanna say to your sister?  No.
  Oh, I'm pretty sure you do.
  I'm pretty sure I don't.
  Thank you for trying, Johnny.
 Truly.
  But like I'm just really uncomfortable right now  with my older sister acting like a stubborn child.
  Okay, why don't we all take a deep breath here  and try and remember what's really important, okay?  We are family, and we have to hang onto that.
  And you know as well as I do, Moira,  that in times of crisis,  the one thing we need to hang onto is family.
  Okay, okay.
  Deedee  We appreciate you coming to this town  And offering whatever it is you're offering.
  Much appreciated.
 'Cause seriously,  I thought you were just coming here to gloat.
  No, no, no.
  I came here in the spirit of giving and forgiving.
  The the gloating thing was a bonus.
  Moira, go on  Yes, go on.
  We need help.
 Please help us.
  Okay! I will.
 Hmm?  Oh!  I'm gonna do this for you, but mostly, I'm doing it for me.
  Why? Because you can't And I can.
  Okay.
  How much are we gonna make this out for?  Oh sh I haven't the foggiest.
 I couldn't  I couldn't come up with a number.
  I mean, I whatever you think is fair.
  Well, you guys gave me fifty grand, right?  Yes, we gave you fifty thousand when we had the money.
  But I can't I can't ask you for fifty thousand dollars.
  Whatever you think is the Equivalent amount.
  Okay, I think I can do you  A little better than that.
  Okay?  Oh, so unnecessary, Deedee, but thank you.
  Well, who's up for pork?  Okay so you're telling me  your girlfriend is on a date with someone else  and, instead of doing something about it,  you're here talking to me,  a kid who practically has no respect for you.
  Well, first of all, you're a little bitchy.
  Second of all, she is not my girlfriend.
  She's someone I'm occasionally having sex with  because we're bored and desperate.
  Ah you're doing a friends with benefits thing with this girl.
  Have you not seen the 42 films they've made about it?  It never works.
  Okay, well, movies aren't always right, all right?  You'll learn that later in life.
  I happen to be a little bit older than you are, so  Obviously.
 Okay.
  Well, I think we're good here.
  You're gonna be okay, right? You're stable?  I have a party later.
 Can you buy me some beer?  Uh, no.
 Can you buy me some beer?!  Hey! Can I grab a glass of water?  Yeah, sure.
 Thank you.
  So how's the uh song going?  Is that Is the song still a thing?  Yeah! Do you wanna hear some of it?  Um, I would love to, but I actually hate music,  so I don't think I'd be a very good judge.
  You hate music? Mm-hmm  Are we sure that Mutt likes music?  'Cause I feel like if he didn't it could be kind of awkward.
  Are you feeling okay?  Um I just don't think that The song thing is a good idea.
  For, like, a lot of reasons.
  Um are you sure that you wanna put yourself  in such a vulnerable situation, Twy?  Are you saying you don't think Mutt would like it?  I don't know.
 I mean I'm not sure.
  Maybe, but I don't I'm not  yeah, I'm not sure.
  Did you talk to Mutt? Because I know that  We've been sort of off for a while.
  And I've been just trying to think of things to make it better  and so I'm you know, I'm just trying to make it work.
  I think that you should talk to Mutt before  Breaking into song.
  Thank you, Alexis.
  For what?  Bye.
  In all honesty, Mutt was just a place holder.
  According to my tea leaves, the guy I'm suppose to marry is black, so  Oh.
  What and why are we drinking? Oh my goodness!  Um, I don't know, and today, some snippy teen told me  that my life was a mess, so  And I am now a single person.
  Oh  So did you spend the night washing your clothes on Grant's abs?  You're funny.
 Mm-hmm.
  Um, Grant went to the bathroom and never came back.
  Thank you.
 What?  He w he went to the bathroom and never came back?  Mm-hmm.
 Oh  So either I was stood up halfway through my date  or Grant has some serious digestive issues.
  Mm.
 Wow.
 Sounds like a real catch.
  So word on teen street is that our little  Friends with benefits situation is a  Not a good idea? Is a bad idea.
  And because I don't have any other friends here,  I can't afford to lose you, so  I think it's best if we just  Friends.
 Friends.
 Yup.
  I think that's best.
  Good.
 This is good.
  That's good, right? That's good.
  Okay.
 Well Warmest wishes to that.
  Kindest regards.
  Yeah!  Cheers!  Whoa.
 Twy Mm  That's It's good, right?  My eyes are tearing.
  So this is it?  After all that?  And we paid for the dinner!  So we lost money on the whole deal.
  I'll tell ya, she's gonna be embarrassed  when this thing gets cashed.
  She will be embarrassed.
 She missed a zero.
  Moira, she missed a zero or two.
  I you know what?  I'm gonna call her.
 I'm calling her right now,  that What a cheap-ass amount!  Turn your light off, John.
  Your sister is a cheap ass.
  Cheap ass.
  We're planning a surprise  party for your mother.
  Listen to the words coming out of your mouth.
  Then you plan it.
  No!  Oh, he snap-diva'd!  Talk to the hand, son,  because the ears are no longer working.
  Oh my God.
  Okay, that's not at all how that works.
      

                




                    			Nope.
 Nope.
  Huh? N Nope.
 Nope.
  No.
 No.
 No.
  Kids, just came in to remind you to keep Saturday open.
  What's Saturday?  What's Saturday? It's your mother's birthday.
  No her birthday is the second weekend in May.
  That's mother's day, honey.
  I don't think so.
 I just don't think that  this is the year to be doing something big.
  Oh, why? Because we're here, in this town?  All the more reason to do something.
  Um I actually agree with David.
  Um plus, I'm gonna be in Chicago this weekend.
  You're what? Ted's taking me.
  We've been planning this for a super long time, so.
  Well, can I come?  No.
 Okay, here's a newsflash  for both of you.
 You're not going anywhere  and we're planning a surprise party for your mother.
  No.
 That's not That's not a good idea.
  That's not a good idea?  Where would you even throw a party like that in this town?  I don't know.
 I haven't thought that through yet.
  Maybe Roland's house.
  Listen to the words coming out of your mouth.
  Then you plan it.
  What? No! Oh, snap, David!  Talk to the hand, son, because the ears are no longer working.
  Oh my God.
 'Kay, that's not at all how that works, so  Cancel your trip, Alexis,  because the travel agent is out of the office.
  It's so uncomfortable when he does stuff like that.
  No.
 Absolutely not.
 I feel so weird about it.
   And on Saturday, we have the afternoon off,  so I booked us a Chicago's best deep dish pizza tour.
  Oh my God.
  Well, that's probably gonna have to change,  but what else did you book for us?  Uh, well, we're staying at the Clarendon Executive Suites and apartments downtown.
  Oh my God.
 Got upgraded.
  Does that mean room service?!  Yeah.
 Babe!  Hi! Hey.
  Had an idea for mom's stupid surprise party thing.
  Oh, yeah, yeah.
 What if we told her that it was a fund-raiser?  She'd have to say yes, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
  'Cause she'd have to come then, right? Totally, totally, yeah.
  She loves the fundraisers and She loves them.
  Wait.
 When's the big party?  Oh, it's this Saturday.
  Alexis, did you not tell Ted about your change of plans?  David, I told you that I couldn't come  It's this Saturday? To that.
  Yeah.
 But, David, I did tell you that I  Won't be able to attend, so  Well, Lex, I mean  You can't miss your own mother's surprise party.
  I am with I'm with Ted on this one.
  But, babe, you're going to  A veterinary conference in a Chicago suburb  and I think that's that's really important for us.
  Yeah, I know.
 Here's just the thing about our mom:  She'll be really devastated if Alexis doesn't come,  and I'm sure you're from a really solid home and  David Understand.
  I'm gonna slap you in the face.
  Um but babe, what about the um  The travelling pizza tour that was so  yeah, and I'm also gonna need you to ask Mutt for the barn  'cause I'm thinking of heading in that sort of aesthetic direction for the party.
  Um, and I know that you guys have a close working relationship, so  No.
 No.
  Sweetie, there will be other conferences.
  I really think that you need to be here for this.
  Me too.
  David, you and mom literally ruin my life.
  Roland!  Hey! Johnny Rose!  How are you?  I'm good! Good.
  Listen.
 Need a big favour.
 Sure.
  Saturday is Moira's birthday  and we want to throw her a surprise party.
  Oh! So, we need an excuse to get  her all dressed up and out of the house.
  Well, dinner at our place.
 Problem solved.
  Well tempting,  but it's gotta be something fancy and, uh, elegant.
  You know, black tie.
  So we're thinking maybe Jocelyn is throwing  her "annual charity fundraiser.
"  She hasn't mentioned anything to me about it.
  Why would she mention it?  Well, Johnny, uh  If she's planning a fundraiser,  I think Jocelyn would mention something about it to her husband.
  It's not a real fundraiser, Roland.
  It's just a pretend fundraiser to get Moira out of the house.
  You see, I I could tell her about it myself,  but she would catch on because it falls on the same night as her birthday,  so she's gotta hear about the fundraiser  from someone who doesn't know it's her birthday.
  Okay, so then you want me to find somebody who doesn't know.
  No.
 I want you to tell her.
  But that doesn't make any sense.
  I know it's her birthday.
  You only know it's her birthday because I just told you it's her birthday.
  Moira doesn't know you know it's her birthday.
  Roland I won't tell her.
 Why would you tell her?  I won't tell her is what I'm saying to you.
  I won't tell her, so don't worry about it.
  Okay, but now I am worried.
 I am worried now.
  Look, I'm taking Moira out for coffees.
  We're going up to the caf, okay, this afternoon.
  And that would be a great time for you to stop by  and drop the information about the fundraiser.
  Tell me you understand the plan.
  Yes, Johnny, I understand the plan!  Jeez! And I don't appreciate being talked to like a child!  Okay, I'm sorry.
 Roland  Well, I'm sorry.
 It's a little demeaning.
 Look, I'm sorry.
  It's just so important.
 This is really important.
  I wanna make sure you understand the plan.
  Okay! I understand, all right?  Okay.
 I just think it's awfully short notice  to start planning a fundraiser.
  There is no fundraiser!  Right.
 No fundraiser.
 It's pretend!  Pretend.
 It's fun time.
  So I am gonna need a lift to Elmdale.
  What does it look like I'm doing?  I don't know, nothing?  I'm working.
  Oh, you are? Yes.
 I have a job  that I just can't leave to drive you to Elmdale.
  Okay yeah, and I totally respect that.
  It's just that I found a Ganache Torte in Elmdale  and I really need to pick it up before my mom's birthday thing, so  I work until six.
  Okay, but like is anyone checking in this afternoon?  It's a cake.
 It's a torte!  Um is there something going on?  You could always just hitch-hike?  And wake up chained to a pole in a trucker's basement?  Not today.
 Well, I'm working At my job,  so I can't just up and leave because you want cake.
  Okay.
 Well, when you put it like that,  it makes me sound ridiculous  Um which I'm not.
  So thank you  For your services this afternoon.
  Hey! Hey sorry I'm late, Johnny.
  Had a little memorizing To do.
  Late for late for what, Roland?  I don't know what you mean? For Jocelyn's big shindig.
  I'm here to personally invite the two of you  to, um, a um annual, um, elegant dress-up event  that Jocelyn is hosting.
  Um well, no, I'm not inviting you,  but I'm saying we're We'll see each other there  At the very big event that Jocelyn is hosting.
  The whole town will go to this event.
  They'll all be dressed up and um  Did I did I say that it's a fundraiser?  Oh, sorry, Johnny.
 Let me start over here.
  Why are you apologizing to me?  You don't have to apologize to me.
  No, no.
 It's a fundraiser for the thing with the  Children that  The-with the mouth Uh, cleft palates,  and um Joc' does it every year  well, uh, Roland, you know what?  We're-we're Probably just gonna be  hanging around the motel on Saturday, you know.
  Yeah, no, I'm sure.
 It's uh  Hard to look at those kids and all that, I get it.
  But you know what? We'll dress them up too.
  Put us down for four tickets.
  Really.
 Oh yes, it's the least we can do  to support Jocelyn's philanthropic endeavours.
  Oh! Okay.
  Well, I'm sure Jocelyn would really appreciate it.
  Well, listen, thank you, Roland, for that.
  You're welcome.
  I think that went well!  Okay, thank you.
  Okay.
 So I guess I'll see you soon then, Johnny.
  Yeah bye-bye.
  Yes, goodbye, Johnny.
  Oh, sorry!  Ugh! Could you be going any faster?  Well, we should put that up quick.
  Um so we're planning this surprise for my mom  that's totally not gonna work  and I'm supposed to ask you if we can borrow your barn.
  But if you can't take the night off from bedding women,  I totally understand.
  Well, who says I can't do both?  You had a bug in your hair.
  Oh.
  Ew!  Jocelyn! Moira, hi!  Jocelyn, I'm so glad I've run into you.
  Roland was mentioning your fundraiser earlier today  and it got me thinking  My what?  Your annual fundraiser for the children with troubled mouths.
  Oh, right.
 Yes.
 It's gonna be q-quite a night.
  I hope so, 'cause I'd like to be involved.
  With ? Your fundraiser.
  As I'm sure you know, I was on the board  of some of the most profitable not-profits,  from San Francisco to London.
  And after speaking with Roland,  I realized I was remiss not to gift you  with my wealth of experience.
  Wow! That's very generous of you, Moira.
  I was gonna ask you, but I didn't wanna impose.
  Jocelyn, you must stop being intimidated by me.
  It's unnerving.
  Sorry.
 No, it's fine.
 Just say thank you.
  Thank you? There you go! My pleasure!  Oh,!  What do you mean, you didn't get the cake?  The only Chocolate Ganache cake I could find, was in Elmdale,  and I asked Stevie to drive me but she said no  because I think she's going through something right now.
 Moira: David!  I don't know.
 Something with her body.
  David, I need you.
  I was speaking to Jocelyn about this fundraiser she's apparently organizing  Whoa-whoa, you-you were talking to Jocelyn?  Yes, about the fundraiser, and the poor thing  looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
  And I cannot stand by and watch this woman  drive a perfectly worthy cause into the ground.
  So, David, you and I We're gonna help her.
  Okay.
  I asked you to get her invited to the fundraiser,  not involved in the fundraiser.
  The fundraiser was your idea!  You didn't think your mother would get involved  in planning a fundraiser?  My God, she had Hilary shaking last year  at the Clinton foundation dinner.
  God! Roland.
 Roland.
 Stupid Roland.
  Roland?! How did Roland get involved in this?  I got him involved, it was a bad mistake, okay?  But look, it'll be fine.
  I will get the cake with your sister.
  All you've gotta do is keep your mother under control.
  The North Korean army could not keep my mother under control  when it comes to event planning.
  What? Huh? Oh!  How long was I sleeping?  I dunno, like forty-five maybe.
  Oh?  Where are we?  Um, we're almost there.
  The last sign I saw said "exit Elmdale," so  I haven't seen it yet, but  We should be getting there soon.
  The last sign said "exit Elmdale?"  Mm-hmm.
  Well, that was the exit to Elmdale.
  We've gone too far, we've gotta turn back!  But you were sleeping! Well, wake me up!  No! Because you're so grumpy when you wake-  like you're grumpy right now.
  Well, Moira, in regards to the decorations,  David was kind enough to offer me  an incredibly long list of the things to stay away from.
  Darling, one does not just stick a red nose on it  and call it an event.
  There is an order to these things.
  Okay, here we go.
  Again, what is the organization that it's for?  The surgeons Uh the doctors who un-cleft the mouths.
  Never heard of it.
  And who are the trustees?  I don't think they're gonna come.
  Oh, how very churlish of them.
 How much are tickets?  Um free?  We haven't figured out the ticket price yet.
  I'm not paying for this thing.
  Oh my God! Do you people know what the word fundraising means?  Why don't you leave that up to us.
  Jocelyn, I need your timeline and your checklist.
  Your plan book.
  Well, we have a plan.
 It's just we haven't  You know, we're just, we're still working-  Listen, Jocelyn is doing the best that she can  Considering what little Jocelyn has to work with.
  David, personal comments are in bad taste.
  Okay, I'm trying to make sense of these flowers.
  What is wrong with the flowers?  They're seasonal and they Tie in all of the other design elements  that Jocelyn has come up with.
  David, I'm sorry, but it's coup d'etat time.
  If we don't force Jocelyn to step down this moment,  I don't know how we're gonna pull of this nightmare.
  Why don't you just sit this one out then?  And you are?  So David?  I see.
  Clearly you don't need the help of the most prominent philanthropist in the country.
  No.
  Fine.
 I wish you all the best.
  No, seriously, I might leave.
  Okay, last warning.
 In three two  Oh my God.
  Well, I think she is gonna be really surprised  don't you?  Nine ninety-nine.
  And I'm telling you, you can't go wrong.
  You go into a jewellery store, you're gonna spend thousands.
  We have made it so simple  Oh, David, I don't know how you don't go mad with those people.
  Well, those people are  Putting a lot of energy into raising money for those kids.
  Jump ship.
 Save yourself.
  Okay, I'm gonna ask you to put some pieces together here for me.
  We are throwing a "fundraiser"  that just so happens to be on the same night as your birthday.
  Must you rub it in?  We're throwing a "fundraiser" on your birthday.
  Now you're just being cruel.
  The fundraiser isn't real.
 It's not a real thing.
  Oh you're planning a birthday thing  Mm-hmm.
 That I'm not supposed to know about.
  Mm-mm.
  In a barn?  We can't afford the candles.
 They're $2.
49.
  They don't just come with the cake?  No, apparently not.
  Like matches when you buy cigarettes?  You smoke? Um no.
  Can't we just ask them to give them to us?  This is not some co-op commune, Alexis.
  You know, if there's a price tag on it, you gotta pay for it.
  Not if you just take them.
  Well, that would be low bottom behavior, wouldn't it?  Okay, well, how do you think I got these glasses  from the gas station?  You stole sunglasses?!  Yeah! It's a gas station.
  Oh my God, I raised a thief.
 Go wait in the car!  Wait in the car while I pay for this.
  Ugh!  Hi.
 Hi.
 Johnny Rose.
  I ordered a birthday cake.
  Yeah, Chocolate Ganache?  That's right.
  Boy, it smells uh  So delicious in here.
  Whoa! Thank you.
  There we go, my dear.
  Wait, wait, wait.
 One last check.
  Gorgeous.
 Perfection.
  Like your father the day I married him.
  Look at us, the Roses,  attending this town's most illustrious fundraising gala.
  I think you're overselling it just a bit.
  Well, I don't see any stragglers, so shall we go in?  I think we're fashionably late enough.
  There's nothing fashionable about this, but-  after you, my dear.
  Where are all the patrons?  Well, I don't know.
 Do we have the wrong night?  Surprise!  What?! There's no fundraiser?!  You're just here to celebrate me?  Oh, never in the history of surprises  has one been so delightfully blindsided.
  Darling Oh  Okay, who told her?  Oh, hi.
 So your party's a big success.
  Congratulations.
  Yeah, thank you.
 Your mom sure seemed surprised.
  Yeah, my mom was Very surprised.
  And you got your cake.
  Yeah, remember this cake? I'd asked you to Help me get it.
  Yeah, so I need to apologize for my behavior earlier.
  I think it's just that this whole-  it's that lady time, huh?  Friend thing Oh.
  Is proving to be a bit tricky  and I think that in building that barrier up,  I may have built it a little high.
  Okay.
 Um well, if the barrier's come down,  can two friends dance? Is that okay?  Uh I normally only slow dance with strangers, at bars  Right.
 After I've had a few  Uh-huh.
  But um I can make an exception.
  Okay.
  Let's dance.
 Okay.
  Hey!  Um you look really Amazing.
  Well, I didn't wanna be the only one not wearing a suit.
  Um, did you have to kill a man to get it, or ?  I did.
  It took me a couple to find one in my size.
  But um you clean up well.
  Ugh! Barely.
  I wore this thing to prom like a thousand years ago,  but it did bring me some luck that night,  so I wore it here tonight.
  You were planning on getting lucky tonight?  So um where is Ted?  Um he is at um  Like a a conference or something tonight, so  Do you wanna dance?  Yes I do.
  Alexis!  Ted?! Hey!  What're you doing here?  Well, I had someone take my last seminar.
  I didn't wanna miss this.
  Hey, man.
 Hey.
  Come on, let's dance.
  Great suit, bud.
  Thanks.
  Killed somebody for it.
  Oh, I love my party, John.
  But please don't ever do it again.
  Well, the surprise was on me  'cause this town cleaned itself up pretty well.
  What?  Hey!  W we're getting out.
  Oh, my God.
      

                




                    			We're getting out!  We're finally getting out!  Oh my God.
  I mean it!  Oh my-oh my God!  Oh my God!  Johnny   Told you I'd sell this town.
 Didn't I tell you?  Yes.
 Not to diminish your accomplishment,  but you did say that a handful of times.
  I think eight, to be exact.
  It bears repeating.
  My little suity-cases! Oh!  David? Should I take this with me?  If I'm being perfectly honest, it's very low  on the totem pole of coats of yours that I like, but  It was a gift from your father.
  Hey, that's a good coat.
  I outbid Richard Branson for it at the Kiminski auction.
  I did get sick of having hot coffee and blood thrown at me.
  You know who covets this coat? Jocelyn.
  I could bestow it upon her as a parting gift.
  We may want to put pen to paper  before we start giving away designer clothing, sweetheart.
  It would be her first piece of clothing  made outside of mainland China.
 I'm gonna do it.
  Honestly, I cannot wait to get to the beach.
  What? Yeah, I'm going to St.
 Barts  with Jenna, Leisha, and  Some other girl with an "ah" name  that I can't quite remember.
  Huh.
 Why? What are you doing?  Well, I'm gonna go to New York and um see some people.
  Oh! What people?  You don't know them.
 Just people.
  I thought everyone just kind of dropped you like flies  when you couldn't pick up the tab at the Waverly anymore?  Well, that's absolutely not true.
  I just have a different kind of relationship with my friends  where we don't need to be in constant contact with each other.
  Okay.
  You should um come to New York after you're done.
  And do what, eat a cronut at a Brooklyn flea market?  Well, I was thinking maybe we could get a  A two-bedroom apartment in Manhattan  and not have to live in Brooklyn.
  Honestly, David, and like no offense,  but when I get out of here, I'm gonna get my own place  so I can pack how I wanna pack  and I don't have to be called a circus freak all the time.
  Ding-dong.
  Moira, hey! Hi, Jocelyn.
  Gosh, you look so glamorous today.
  Oh, thank you.
 Some days it just works.
  Yeah.
  So I guess you heard the news.
  I heard there was someone interested in buying  Yes, we're leaving.
  I didn't know it was finalized.
  And since we're leaving  dear God it feels good to be saying that!  I would like to give you this  as a little keepsake to remember me by.
  Wow.
  Is-is it a wig?  No.
 It's a coat.
 It's the coat.
  What coat?  The coat you kept going on about that one time.
  Are you sure it was me?  Oh, it's absolutely tragic, Jocelyn,  that I will never see or speak to you ever again.
  Well But I will have my memories  and you will have this incredible coat.
  Goodbye, dear friend.
  Goodbye, Moira Rose.
  Hey! What're you doing here?  Um, can I ? Yeah, yeah, come on in.
  Hey.
 Hey.
  Um so big news.
 We've sold the town.
  Wow.
 O-okay, and And we're leaving.
  We're leaving?  Well, me and my family are leaving.
  Oh.
  Yeah  Oh.
 Okay.
  Well, in that case then, um, here,  there's something that I need to show you.
  Okay.
  Uh  Originally, we were gonna be on an all-inclusive vacation when I did this  What's an all-inclusive vacation?  Alexis Claire Rose Will you marry me?  Uh uh  Yes!  If I was staying, then yes!  A thousand times, yes!  And if things were different and I wasn't leaving,  um, then definitely yes!  So is that a no?  Yes ?  Are you stealing Roland's truck?  Yeah.
 It's not exactly a Tesla,  but it'll get our bags to the airport.
  So you wanted to see me?  Yeah.
 I had an idea.
  Oh-oh.
  What if you came with me to New York?  What? Yeah.
  Are you ser really?  Mm-hmm.
  New York?! Yeah.
  I don't even know what I would do there.
  Oh, you just watch a season of "Girls"  and do the opposite of what they do.
 It's easy.
  You have this like whole life there,  with all these fancy friends  Who, in my head, at least all dress like you,  and I feel like I'd get lost in the mix.
  Mm-hmm.
  Well, all of my friends will probably be away for the summer  and I have found a really beautiful two-bedroom in the East Village.
  It's beautiful, so  Oh, two bedroom.
  Yeah.
 I mean, I was looking at three bedrooms,  but do I really need an office? I don't I don't know.
  Yeah right.
  You're coming! You're coming to New York!  Pack a bag.
 Pack two bags.
  How many bags do you have?  I'm saving you from this dumpy town.
  See you soon!  Oh, Twyla  Oh, hey, Mr.
 Rose.
 I heard you guys were leaving.
  Yes, yes, we are,  and I just wanted to thank you for all the great service over the past few months.
  You're welcome.
  Yeah, judging by your tips, I was never really sure.
  Oh.
 I'll have a coffee when you get a minute.
  Johnny, I gotta talk to you.
  Listen, uh I don't wanna piss in your punch bowl, okay,  but um I got a bad feeling about this buyer guy of yours, Andy  Roberts.
 Right, right.
 Roberts.
  Very successful.
 His family made a fortune in the shelving business.
  Okay, fine.
 Um  He called me while he was bumping uglies with this old lady.
  Oh no, really?  But that's not the problem.
 The problem is he put me on the speaker phone.
  I mean, who would do such a thing?  I mean, that's something you would do.
  As soon as he put me on his speakerphone No, no,  I thought of you.
 That's not something  and I can't deal with another you.
  But-but-but don't worry, 'cause  Well, I am worried! It'll be fine.
 Roland.
  This is the guy who's gonna buy the town? Just relax.
  Yeah, and here's the kicker  The second one was a hooker too!  Yeah, yeah.
 Okay, see ya.
 See ya.
  Excuse me, honey,  do you know where I can find Johnny Rose?  I got a meeting with this freakin' douche.
  The douchebag is right here.
  So you're leaving.
  What'd Ted say about that?  Uh he proposed.
  Really.
  So what'd you tell him?  I told him I was leaving.
  But if you weren't, you would?  'Kay, is this a Barbara Walter special or something?  I'm leaving.
 That's it.
  You don't seem to be crying about it.
  I think it's nice you're going back to your natural habitat.
  I'm not a dolphin, Mutt.
  You know what I meant.
 I'm happy for you.
  Oh.
 I'm glad you're happy about it.
  You know, you should really work on  expanding your emotional range at some point.
  So what you're saying is, he got a little short with you?  You, uh, you weren't quite seeing eye to eye?  So, are we gonna sign this puppy or what?  Oh, there's a good idea!  Andy, I've got the bill of sale right here,  and if you wanna put your John Hancock right there on that first tab  Whoa-Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba.
  Hold on a second here.
 I think I got a better idea.
  What's that? Why don't you come over to the house tonight  and try some of Jocelyn's famous mac and cheese.
  We can sign this then.
  And cheese Or or we can sign it now,  and then we can dive into some mac and cheese.
  Right here, Andy.
 I I love it.
  You know, I could really use a good home-cooked meal.
  Well, right after we sign, we can all have one.
  And according to Roland here, Jocelyn's hot stuff.
  I can't leave town without meeting her.
  But then again, if she's that hot  what's she doing with this guy?  I can't help it if she's got taste!  Oh yeah, right.
 Yeah, taste.
 Yeah.
  Well, excuse you in that coat!  I know! Jocelyn gave it to me.
  What?! Knock-off's are getting so good these days.
  Thanks.
 I can't wait till winter.
  I'm gonna feel like Patty LaBelle.
  So you did good work, princess.
  Thank you.
 Yeah.
  Perfect attendance, nothing but glowing reviews.
  And you must have done a some number on Mutt.
  What do you mean?  His hours were up a month ago, he kept coming anyway.
  What? Yeah, maybe he just got bored  Or maybe he just likes pretty girls in hippy hats.
  Know what I mean, string bean?  That's a lot of bags.
  There's still some space for you though, so don't worry!  Yeah so, um, about New York.
  Uh, it sounds amazing, but I can't do it, so  Wha-what-what-? Why? What?  Uh, I don't think we're on the same page  with what going to New York means.
  Okay.
 What does it does it mean something?  Ugh  I like you.
  I don't want to like you but I do  And so sharing a space with you as roommates  isn't gonna work for me.
  Um so I'm gonna take a pass, but um  I'm sure you have a lot of friends  who would love to live with you.
  Yeah, not as many as you'd think, so  Um okay.
  Well, thank you for being honest and um  I wish I could fix this situation.
  Um you've been a great friend.
  You've been my o-only friend, so great, nevertheless.
  Um you've made my life here survivable.
  Survivable.
 Thank-thank you.
  That is the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
  So now I'm gonna go back to New York by myself  and um and you can just stay here then.
  Yeah.
  I think that's That's how it has to be.
  Mm-hmm.
 Mm-hmm.
  Okay, bye.
  Yeah, my granddad  Opened our family's first shelf factory  in a small town just like this one.
  I tell you, this place is bursting with opportunity.
  Well, bursting seems to be the operative word.
  Mm! So good! Whoa! Slow down there, pal!  We got dinner coming and a big desert after  Oh.
 Sex in a pan.
  Oh?  Then we'll have dessert!  I love it! This guy's a prince.
 He's a prince!  So did you try it on?  What? The coat.
  The one I gave you.
  Yes.
 It's it's great.
  Not too snug? Nope.
  Buttoned right up.
  It zips.
  Zips.
 It zipped right up!  You didn't try it on, did you?  No.
 Oh, why not?  It's a great coat! At least let us see it on you.
  I gave it away.
  I'm sorry.
  It just it didn't suit me and I thought about Ronnie  and you know she could always use some more feminine pieces in her wardrobe,  and so I took it over to her and she really liked it,  so I paid it forward.
  Well, Jocelyn, there are  certain things that are just not done:  Smoking in a car with a baby, unless you crack a window;  tipping before tax; mixing drinks with cola;  and giving away a coat that doesn't belong to you.
  It's open.
  Hey.
 Um I just came to say  That we'll be leaving as soon as the sale's signed, so  You must be super excited.
  Yeah.
  Why did you do all that extra community service, Mutt?  Extra community service?  Ronnie said that your hours ended a long time ago, so  I like to stay active.
  Really?  What do you want me to say?  Well, could it maybe be because of the fact that you  Enjoy my company?  Sure.
  Don't you even care that I'm leaving?  Of course I care.
  Then what're you doing? Why are you yelling?  Okay, I'm gonna ask you one more time.
  Mutt, why did you do that extra community service?  You know why!  Why can't you just say it?  What a lovely surprise! Come on in.
 How are ya?  I'm just wondering if my dad is here.
  Yeah, your dad's here.
  Uh, Johnny?  Your kid's here.
  Does he wanna come in? I don't think so.
  He doesn't wanna come in, okay.
  David, what're you doing here?  I'm just wondering when you think we're gonna have the check ready?  Well, this is not the time for that, David.
  Okay, well, you gave me this town as a gift,  so I feel like I'm owed a little bit more.
  So fifty percent for me, fifty percent for you.
  David, I'm in the middle of something important.
  Well, if I'm gonna be going to New York, by myself,  then I'm gonna need a little bit more money.
  Well, that's not gonna happen.
 Well, it has to happen.
  It's not gonna happen.
 Well, it has to  Talk to the hand, son,  because I've got to watch a pig eat.
  What did David want?  As owner of the town, he wants half.
  I tell you, Joc, this freakin' delicious! Mm! Everyone's so greedy.
  Well, let me take your plates.
  Okay, good.
  There you go.
  Um, Andy, you look a little dewy.
  Oh.
 I'll get you some fresh coffee.
  Oh, good idea.
  Is it just me or is it this dessert  that's-that's making me horny?  I think it's just you, Andy.
  Oh.
 You know what?  I think I should let you guys do the nasty.
  And then sign the contract!  You! This guy! This guy!  Oh, he's a prince, isn't he?  Yeah, he's a prince.
 Yup.
  Okay, well I think you are getting bargain  Really? With this, Andy.
  And to make things easy,  I'm going to uh Put my signature down first.
  How 'bout that?  $975,000 dollars! Wow.
  That's a heck of a lot of cheddar!  Don't you think so, sweet cheeks?  Sweet cheeks? Aren't you the old fashioned charmer.
  Oh! Rrrow!  Ready for your signature, Andy.
  Drum roll please.
  You know, Andy, $975,000  suddenly seems like such a girly number.
  What are we doing, honey?  I mean, a million That's bold, that's sexy.
  That's quite the little lady you have there.
  You know, I think the little lady's right.
  What's an extra $25,000, Andy?  Come on, it's chump change.
  It's cab fare.
 $25,000? For you?  Come on.
 You can cough it up.
  All right, let's call it a million! What the heck!  Yes! Yes!  There we go!  Just initial and sign on the dotted line.
  Sign on  What's happening? What?  Oh my God! Andy! Andy!  We had him, we had him.
 We had  Okay, put the pen in his hand.
 Sign! He was going to sign.
  Here we go, here we go.
 He was going to sign!  You, sign! Andy?  He wanted to sign, John.
 Here we go.
  He wants the town.
 That's it, that's it.
 Just on the line.
  What is happening here?!  What? What happened? Oh no! Andy! What  Circulation, Johnny! Circulation in his hand  Circulation? He can't even hold a pen, the poor guy.
  There.
 He needs Circulation.
  Over the line, over the line.
  I'm gonna call an ambulance.
  What? No! Wait! No, no, no, no! No, not yet!  Look, he's looking better already.
 Wake up, Andy!  People do come out of comas  Oh, I'd kill for a good coma right now.
  Hey.
 Where were you?  I was out.
 So I'm gonna go keep packing.
  Wait.
  John? I don't have the heart.
  The deal fell through, honey.
  So when are we leaving?  We're not leaving, Alexis.
 We didn't sell.
  We're not leaving?  Oh  Are you going to be all right?  I'm pretty sure I'm engaged,  and I'm pretty sure I just cheated on my fiance.
  She'll be okay.
 Where's your brother?  Who?  David!      

                




                    			- No, no, no! No, no, no!  No! Noooo! What?  My bag! It's gone! What bag?  My brown bag! What brown bag?  You had a room full of brown bags back home,  which brown bag?!  My crocodile bag, the one my mother gave me!  Oh, it's in the closet, next to my briefcase.
  That's an ostrich bag.
  Okay, just calm down, breathe, breathe.
  Breathe breathe!  Okay David!  David must've taken it, along with my last molecule of hope!  Oh Moira, David only took his own bags.
  Are you kidding?! I bet he's pawned it by now,  to pay for manicures.
  What possible sense would it make for David  to take one of your bags?  It doesn't oh towels, great.
  Mrs.
 Rose, you got out of bed.
  Humph!  Sorry, am I interrupting something?  No, no, we're just, we're looking for  something valuable, and um  Your son? Well, no,  a brown bag, as a matter of fact.
  Well our son, yes.
  Has anyone heard from David?  Oh, to be so naive!  He's long gone, darling,  escaped, and left us all behind.
  Okay, well uh  I've put in some calls to some people,  just to get the word out.
  Well, that's very nice.
  That's, very nice Stevie, thank you very much.
  That's, very considerate,  because I know you and David had a  Intimate uh, relationship.
  Okay, I just came to drop off the towels,  and check in, so.
  Is that Stevie?  Can you ask her if she has any extra bedspreads?  I'm still here!  Oh! Okay, then come here then, please, for a sec?  Yeah, um, come in.
  Hey, does this place have any king sized sheets?  Alexis, what the hell are you doing?!  Just giving myself some more space.
  There's a lot going on in my life right now.
  Like, Ted keeps harassing me for an answer  to the whole, am I gonna marry him thing,  and then there's the whole Mutt issue,  which is very complicated, and sexy,  so I'm just, I don't know what to do.
  I take it you haven't heard from David.
  Okay, yeah, fine.
  And David's missing.
 So   yeah, well, he's missing.
  Well, I can't find him, so what would you say he is?  Okay, you know what? You know what?!  I don't think your mother would appreciate you  speaking to me in that way!  Well, I'm-I'm sorry for your loss.
  Oh! What'd they say!  Nothing, and I'm getting nervous, Moira.
  Don't worry, he's fine.
  It's not the first time David's run away,  remember all those troubled years in high school,  when he'd charter the jet without permission?  Yes, but he has no money.
  Oh, he does now.
  If there's one thing David knows,  it's the street value of a woman's bag.
  Okay, you know what, can we stop talking about that bag  for five minutes, the bag, the bag, and the bag!  John, it's an heirloom, my great grandmother took it  from her husband when she left him,  and it has been passed down through all the women  in my family, as emergency currency,  in case we need to leave our husbands  in the middle of the night.
  Oh, well, that's reassuring.
  You don't have to worry darling,  I'll never need it.
  But you know Alexis will!  Yeah, more than once, probably.
  I love that bag.
  And I've kept it safe all these years.
  And now John, it's out there,  frightened, and alone Okay, okay.
  We'll find it, we'll find your bag.
  We'll find your bag, Moira.
 Oh, we better, please!  Yes, we will.
 Please!  Hey, uh, I really shouldn't come in.
  Actually, you're standing in my living room,  you let yourself in.
 Yeah, no, I know.
  Um, so, about the other night  Uh huh.
 Oh! Mm!  That night.
 Um that was super fun.
  I'd say it was the most fun I had all year.
  Yeah, it was super fun.
  Actually, I wouldn't mind having a little more fun,  right now.
 Okay  And I love hearing you say that.
  It's just that, when we got together,  um, I thought my family was leaving.
  Uh huh.
 And now we're not.
 So  I would love to feel worse about your parents  not selling the town, but  Hmm, it's just, it's so tragic,  'cause my mom is in this like, waking coma,  and my dad has developed more of a stutter,  and uh, because we're not leaving,  things are a little bit complicated with Ted.
  I thought things were done with Ted.
  Me too.
  But apparently, he was misinformed.
  By who? By me.
  Okay.
  Until that whole thing kinda works itself out,  I have a moral obligation to Ted.
  You hands are so  Soft for someone who does nothing but manual labor.
  Thanks, I make sure to moisturize.
  Mm, that's so important.
 So important.
  Listen I can wait.
  Thank you.
  Uh huh.
 So um  So, you look really good today.
  Oh, hello, Roses.
  What, are you here to tell me Alexis has skipped town  with my lawn mower?!  Roland, these people have literally hit rock bottom,  they're not in the mood for your jokes right now.
  She is.
  Look, I've been on the phone all morning  with missing persons, and just wondering  if you've heard anything?  No.
 Come in, come on in.
  I can't imagine the stress of losing a child.
  Oh, I haven't lost him, i know exactly where he is.
  He's enjoying happy hour at the viceroy without me.
  It's been three days without any contact.
  Johnny, you wouldn't know this,  but statistics tell us you have a 48 hour window  before you can assume somebody is dead.
  Yeah, I just said it's been three days.
  Then do we call off the search?  Oh my God!  I'll get it.
  Roland Schitt.
  Yes.
  Yes!  Yes!  Oh-oh.
 Okay.
  Uh-huh, yeah.
  I'm good, how about you?  Terrific.
 Great, where?  Uh-huh.
 Uhhhh-huh!  I got it, great, we'll see you there this afternoon.
  Bye.
 Well, good news, folks!  They found the truck.
  And David.
  Well, that didn't come up.
 Well, didn't you ask?  Johnny, they were all excited about telling me  they found the truck, so  Call him back! Call him back.
 Now!  Call him back!  Well, I  I don't have the number, I've got the address.
  I'm sure David is with the truck, right, Roland?  Well, I think they would've told me if there's a dead body with the truck, honey.
  Oh! Just give us the address!  Give me the address!  Did they mention bags? Well, no talk of bags.
  Were there bags in the truck?  My best friend in kindergarten ran away,  and her parents didn't notice,  and she ended up getting adopted by this really rich  Asian family in Vancouver,  but then they had their own kid,  so she kind of got neglected a bit,  and I can't remember whether she's back  on the streets now, or  You know, and he took his hair straightener,  which he knows that i use more than he does.
  This whole thing is just very selfish.
  Alexis!  Ted! Oh my God, hi.
  Hey.
 Hey.
  Um I've been calling.
  I know, I know.
 But everything's just been so hectic,  what with David missing,  and like, I haven't been sleeping,  and I haven't been eating, and  You just ordered the parfait.
  And I just keep picturing him at the bottom of a lake.
  Oh, no, that guy was like, a known alcoholic,  and they pulled him out a week ago.
  Thank God you're here!  Of course, I've been trying to be here more for you,  but I guess my texts haven't been getting through,  or maybe I'm sending them wrong?  That's so sweet.
  Uh, here.
  Listen.
  I don't want to apply any pressure  to the whole marriage thing, but  Thank you, Ted, 'cause it's so hard to focus  on something like that right now.
  And I totally understand that.
  It's just you had said that you wanted  to get married if you weren't leaving town,  and you didn't leave town, so  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
  And I totally get that.
  Technically though, someone did leave,  and so the dust just hasn't really settled  on the whole us leaving thing.
  Yet.
 Right.
  But obviously I want to be with you!  I'm just so scared.
  What, about David, or about being with  Yeah, that.
  All we know is the truck ran out of gas on an amish farm.
  So David has been living on an amish farm for three days?  We think so.
  I really hope you're right.
  Stevie dear,  now don't take this the wrong way,  but, is this car your home?  Excuse me?  I take it you're finished with this sandwich.
  Yeah.
 Yeah, thanks.
  Oh yeah! Um, but there's donuts under the seat,  those are still good.
  Oh.
  Okay.
  Alexis, we think we found your brother!  Come on!  I'm just super tired from walking, though.
  Babe, you're tired because you were stressed about David,  but they found him, you should go.
  Alexis!  I know!  This is exactly what David wants.
  All of us worried, and driving around  in some tin can looking for him.
  It's a tactic.
 It's subterfuge.
  Oh, you could be jumping to conclusions, Moira.
  I taught him everything he knows.
  He shouldn't have left me behind,  that was never part of the plan.
  Oh my God, ever since David left,  you two have been so dramatic.
  Do I have to remind you of the time  that I was taken hostage on David geffen's yacht  by Somali pirates for a week,  and nobody answered my texts?!  I had just had my eyelashes dyed,  everything was cloudy!  Okay, can we all focus here? For a moment?!  David has spent the last three days on a farm.
  With the amish!  Ugh!  Oh!  Thank God.
  David!  David!  David, I'm here!  David, it's us!  I know!  David, come here, please!  Stop yelling, "David!" You come here!  We've come to take you home!  Three days later!  Nobody knew where you were!  And your phone was off!  I texted Alexis!  Wha? I'm sorry for not responding to like,  one text, David!  I was worried sick, dear! "Where's David, or his bags?"  David? What?!  Okay, you remember Mutt? Yeah!  Okay, it's gotten more complicated!  What happened?  We slept together! Ooh  Okay Alexis, we can talk about this on the ride home.
  David, let us help you with your bags!  What if I'm not ready to come home?!  There's a bug on your dress.
 Ew!  Ugh! Oh!  Miriam makes the most delicious butter.
  Yeah, I mean, she starts pounding that cream  about a half hour too early in the morning,  but it tastes exactly like the butter we had  at the Ritz in Paris, you know, that sort of  Salt-less butter.
  Well, once again, thank you for nurturing our David  during such a difficult time.
  Well, we should be thanking you for coming.
  We've spent two sleepless nights,  wondering what would happen if nobody came.
  Would we be stuck with him?!  Oh, my baby! Thank you, thank you!  I would give you a gratuity, but  I'm short about a million this week.
  David's stay here has taught us some valuable lessons  in patience, forgiveness Restraint.
  Well it seems you've taken very good care of our possessions,  I hope it wasn't too much of an imposition.
  You know, I'm not sure I'm even ready to come home yet.
  And yet your time with us has come to an end.
  Okay.
  These three days you spent with us David,  will remain in our memories for many days,  and many, many, many nights.
  Thank you for your kindness,  when no one else showed me kindness.
  And compassion, when no one else showed  Excuse me son, uh  I imagine it's customary for strangers to partake  in a good, old fashioned amish lunch?  Not always.
  Have a safe trip.
  Oh! Okay.
  Thank you.
 Thanks.
  Yeah, thank-thank you.
  Where are we?  Do you know how many times I've had to apologize to Roland?  You can't just leave with other people's trucks, David!  What were you thinking?  What you did was impulsive, capricious and melodramatic.
  But it was also wrong.
  Okay, nobody freaked out when Alexis went missing!  I didn't go missing, David.
  The FBI knew where I was the entire time.
  All right listen, the important thing is,  we have David back,  we have your bag back, and here we are, all together.
  What bag?  You stole my bag, David.
  That bag?  That bag looks like it hasn't been used in a hundred years,  so I put my toiletries in it.
  Why would you think that i would steal that bag?  I don't know David, why did you steal my eyeliner?  That was a phase in high school!  Now, did you come for me, or did you come for that bag?  This was my grandmother's bag! We came for you!  I hitchhiked, in the middle of the night,  wearing all black!  I was basically asking to get hit by a car!  Why?  You told me that Diane Sawyer gave you that bag,  and that it was fake.
  I didn't want you taking it.
  Okay, because I have told a lot of people  that Diane Sawyer sells fake bags on the down-low.
  I slept in the cab of a truck! Overnight!  Oh my God, who hasn't, David!  Hmm.
  Hi.
 What can I  How are-yeah.
 What?  Um I come bearing gifts.
  Oh, how generous of you.
  I think your car might need a bit of a clean.
  Is that a dead squirrel on your hood?  They said that you have been calling around,  asking for me, which i thought was very nice of you.
  Oh, well, I didn't.
  Hmm, well, they said that you were.
  Well, they were mistaken.
  Oh, okay.
  In fact, I was hoping you wouldn't come back.
  Wow, believe it or not, that is one of the warmest  welcomes I have received so far!  Usually when you tell someone  that you have feelings for them,  and the next thing they do is drive out of town  with no plan to return,  you hope you never have to see them again.
  Well, in my defense, um  I was intending on staying away for much longer,  but I ran out of money, and forgot my phone charger.
  Oh, well, at least you were well intentioned.
  It's not like I didn't think about what you said.
  Um, after we spoke,  I thought, well, there goes my one friend.
  Try saying that one out loud, it is very dark.
  Well  We will just have to work through this, won't we?  Uh-huh.
 Yes.
  Yeah, um, if that's what you-  if that's what you want, then yes,  I would like that very much.
  So um, I guess just tell me  what you would like me to do,  and I will do it.
  Okay, well, let's start by you leaving my office,  and we'll see where that takes us.
  Mm-hmm.
 Well, I'll just  I'm gonna leave your office.
  I'm gonna leave your I'm gonna leave your office.
  So um  Best wishes to you.
  Warmest regards.
  Okay, you're saying this was circulated around town?  This was before my nose job,  how was anyone supposed to recognize me?  Oh David, it's a rare gift to strip vanity of its charm,  yet here you are.
 Yeah!  Oh, fuhhh  Hello, Roses!  Oh, can this not wait 'til after breakfast, please?  Well, this will only take a second.
  David!  I'm so glad to see you back home, all safe and sound.
  Thanks.
  Hmm.
 And I don't want you to worry,  I'm not gonna press charges, okay?  Next time, someone will think twice  before they steal my truck, yes?  Ooh, burn, David!  Shhh!  David, don't you um,  have anything you wanna say to Roland?  Uh !  Uh, I'm sorry for taking your truck without permission.
  Um  It was a bad mistake,  and it won't happen again.
  Oh my God, um  And I feel really bad about it.
  But do you, David?  All right, all right, all right,  I accept your apology.
  Thank you.
  Yeah! Okay, now let's talk about gas.
  I'm thinking thirty cents on the mile.
  I think we're done here, Roland!  Okay I'm taking your juice.
 David!   Okay, next  Now's the time to sprinkle in the chili pepper flakes.
  We've already done that.
  What number are we on?  Oh my God!  Is this not your mother's recipe?  Yes, and now I'm passing it on to you.
  So try to keep up.
     

                




                    			Someone keeps eating my yogurt!  Arghhhh! What kind of yogurt?  I was saving that for after my run, David!  Oh my God, I guess I was saving it  for during your run, then.
  Agh, you're like a big, dirty raccoon, David!  Oh Alexis, you're almost forty,  if you want some food, prepare yourself some food!  There is no food!  Nobody can cook, this is basically child abuse!  David can cook.
  I can't cook.
  You got that Teppanyaki table for your bar mitzvah.
  That was thrown out after Alexis left her extensions on it,  and everything smelled like burnt hair.
  I thought it was an actual table, David.
  There was a plug coming out of the side of it!  Well, Alexis, why don't you cook, you can cook.
  Yeah.
 I can't cook!  Why don't you cook?  Well, I-I could I-I could cook.
  Oh, John, John! This is embarrassing!  Fine, I'll cook dinner tonight.
  What was the chicken dish that Adelina used to make?  Mm! The enchiladas.
  Yeah! Uh huh.
  Oh, Adelina, she was a good cook, remember?  Mm! Uh huh! Yeah! Mmm!  Excuse me, but the enchiladas  were my mother's recipe.
  I don't think so.
  Um, that's not how I remember it.
  I made it for you all the time!  John?! Yes, well,  if that's the way you remember things, sweetheart, that's  Okay, enough, tonight I will make my mother's enchiladas.
  And David, you will help me.
  Uh, what?!  Oh my gosh David, it's gonna be so fun  for you tonight, doing that with Mom.
 Don't touch me!  It's so nice! Don't! That's harassment!   Well, there she is!  Hi.
 How are you today, Jocelyn?  Oh, I'm okay, busy, I mean, we were about  to head to, um How fun.
  Listen, a small favour  I require the use of your kitchen.
  Sorry, for what?  To cook a meal, of course.
  Oh Moira, normally I'd be happy to,  it's just we have a really hectic afternoon, so  David and I are going to resurrect  an old family recipe.
  Mmm!  Of course I'd say yes,  it's just that that darn stove is on the fritz.
  Oh really, honey?  Because this pie is scorching!  It comes and goes, Roland!  Oh, I'm sure it's far superior to what we have at the motel.
  David and I will manage!  Oh, I know, it's-it's just that I called the repairman,  and so he's coming this afternoon.
  Oh.
 Who'd you call, honey? Bill?  Yeah Bill.
 Bill doesn't do stoves.
  Then, Gary.
  Gary? Our dentist??  I don't remember who I called but,  they're coming, this afternoon!  Oh.
  It's as if you don't trust David and me  to fend for ourselves in your kitchen.
  Oh no, we don't mind you using our kitchen,  as long as you make extra for us,  and leave a ten spot over there for the hydro.
  That I can do! I'll be back in ten,  to a clean kitchen!  A clean kitchen.
 I just cleaned the kitchen!  How's the brisket, Mr.
 Rose?  Well, it's tasting more like meat.
  Oh, well that's good!  You know Twyla, I've been noticing how quiet  it is in here during the day.
  Oh yeah, it's always quiet before the lunch rush.
  Which isn't so much a rush as much as it is just a  A handful of people showing up at a leisurely pace.
  Oh, yeah, well, the reason I point it out  is that um, you know, I've been looking for a place to work.
  Like a-an office space.
 Uh-huh.
  You see, I get a lot of ideas back at the motel  that need serious contemplation,  but with the family there,  I just can't seem to get any work done.
  I hear that.
 So, I was wondering  And I thought about bringing this up the other day,  but decided against it, for some reason.
  But here we are talking, so, what the hell.
  What are the chances of me operating  out of one of these booths every day?  I am just gonna put these plates down.
  I just think I'll think better,  once the blood rushes from my arms, back to my head.
  Oh, oh! Yes, yes, yes! Uh, absolutely!  Yeah, you can put them down, I didn't mean to keep you, there.
  I know you've got a lot of work to do.
  Totally, they're just heavy plates!  Yeah, yeah, sure, sure.
 Okay.
  Hey there, Johnny.
  Oh, Bob, hi! Oh, I didn't see you there.
  I hope you don't mind me uh,  eavesdropping on your conversation, but uh,  I think maybe I could help you.
  Really? I heard you're looking for office space?  Yes! Well, I have a sweet little spot  you might be interested in, if uh,  if you wanna take a look.
  Yes, I would! Thank you.
  Happy to help, I'm sure you'd do the same for me.
  If you had anything to offer.
  Hi.
 Hi.
  Is this a safe space yet, for us? Or  Yeah, why wouldn't it be?  Oh, okay, it's just 'cause the last time I was in here,  you told me to leave your office,  so, I guess I was just having a hard time  gauging where we're at,  as two people who used to um be well, um  How can I help you?  I-I'm wondering if I can borrow your vehicle?  I need to get some groceries.
  Sure.
 Do you want a lift?  Is that a trick question?  No.
 Oh, okay.
  Um  You don't have to keep tiptoeing around me.
  I'm over it.
 Over it?  Yeah, I don't like you anymore.
  I mean, like that.
  Oh! Okay.
  Well, that's good then, I guess.
  I think so.
  Are you wearing makeup? So what if I am?  Hey! Uh, I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
  Uh no, no, of course not.
  Okay.
 Um  So I've been thinking a lot about things.
  Okay, good, because I've been thinking  a lot about things, too.
  Like your proposal.
 Yeah, the more I thought about it,  the more it just didn't feel right.
  Yes! I agree!  Yeah, it came out of the blue,  and you had a lot on your mind.
  Yes, Ted, yes!  So I think it may be best for us just to  Take some time, you know?  Oh my God, it's like we're sharing a brain!  Then in a few weeks, when we're settled,  and more focused on each other,  we try the whole proposal thing again.
  Hmm?  Mmm-hmm  Unless you were gonna say something else?  No!  'Cause you and me  You and I  No, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh!  It's-mmm!  So uh-us, the "us" thing,  and Um  Whoa!  So uh, what do you think, Johnny?  What do I think? I think it's a nice garage.
  Where's the office? You're looking at it.
  Bob, you told me you had a sweet little office space,  okay, and frankly, working out of a garage  is not what I had in mind.
  Well uh, out of curiosity,  what did you have in mind?  An office! You know, a chair, for starters!  Oh, well, we got a uh, I got a great spot for a chair right there,  uh, you just have to move these tires.
  Um, filing those papers'll give you some extra space.
  Yeah, Bob, I'm not working for you,  I'm not filing papers.
  No, I'm just saying, if you need to get a chair in here,  you know, you might have to move some things,  maybe, you know, sell some old car parts.
  Yeah, I didn't come here looking for a job.
  Okay? I wanted a space to work, and frankly  I don't think this is it.
  Okay, well uh,  I'm not saying you have to make a decision right now,  just maybe clean it up, and give it a think.
  How about I give it a think without cleaning it up!  Suit yourself.
  As long as it gets cleaned up at some point.
  Okay, Bob  Uh, I'm gonna leave you with your thoughts.
  Hey! What's up?  Mm, uh well, good news, I um  I finally went over to break up with Ted.
  Ooh, that is good!  I was starting to think you might never do it.
  I know, I know.
  It must've been hard.
  It was, it was really hard.
  How'd he take it?  Um, I don't know, you never know with these things.
  So ooh!  Alexis? What's up?  You didn't break up with Ted, did you?  Um, well, like I said, I started to, and then,  I don't know if it was the timbre of his voice,  or the fact that he smelled like baby powder,  but I just, I physically couldn't do it!  Okay.
 Yeah.
  You know, there was It must happen to people, right?  Like, there must be people out there who say yes  to getting married because they can't say no,  and then what happens?  And then they're just stuck for the rest of their life,  with the same wrong, sweet, person, right?  Well, I'm pretty sure those people get divorced.
  Aaah!  Alexis, you need to be honest with him.
  Okay.
  What if I sent him the sweetest little text message?  Okay.
 Yeah.
  I'll do it in person.
  Obviously, I'm just  I'm gonna do it in person.
  I will do this in person!  Well, that was quick.
  It was a pretty short grocery list.
  No, I mean, you being "over it.
"  I knew what you meant.
  It's just a really fast turnaround.
  You know, usually it doesn't happen that quickly.
  What if it does?  Well, it's just when someone keeps telling you  that they're over it, sometimes it means  that they're not actually over it, which is fine!  But it's fine too if they are over it.
  Yeah, I just wanna make sure that you're taking the time  to actually get over it, you know,  because if you don't, I think it could lead to just  You know, it's interesting,  the longer we have this conversation,  the more over it I get.
  Oh! In fact, I'm having a hard time  remembering when I wasn't over it.
  Wow, well aren't you just a  A pillar of strength, and self-healing.
  Yeah, I'm pretty amazing.
  Uh huh.
 You really missed out.
  Oh, did I? 'Cause, you know,  I'm over it.
 You're over it! Yep.
  Yeah, you made that abundantly clear.
 So  Okay, a quarter cup at a time.
  A thin stream, it's supposed to be a thin stream,  and blend it really well.
 Uh huh.
 Uh huh.
  Or you'll burn it David, that's not right!  Okay well, that's because I'm ladling and stirring  at the same time, and you're just standing there.
  Now is not the time to lose focus, darling.
  This was your idea!  You're the one who allegedly made the enchiladas.
  Yes, so try to keep up.
  Okay, next.
  Now's the time to sprinkle in the chili pepper flakes.
  We've already done that.
  What number are we on?!  Oh my God, is this not your mother's recipe?  Yes, and now I'm passing it on to you!  So try to keep up.
  Um oh!  Next step is to fold in the cheese.
  What does that mean?  What does "fold in the cheese" mean?  You fold it in.
 I understand that, but how?  How do you fold it? Do you fold it in half,  like a piece of paper, and drop it in the pot,  or, what do you do?  David, I cannot show you everything.
  Okay, well, can you show me one thing?!  You just here's what you do:  You just fold it in.
  Okay, I don't know how to fold broken cheese like that!  Then I don't know how to be any clearer!  You take that thing that's in your hand,  Uh huh? And you  If you say "fold in" one more time  It says, fold it in!  This is your recipe!  You fold in the cheese, then!  Don't you dare! You fold it in!  David!  Oh good, now I see bubbles.
  David! What does burning smell like?!  All right, here we go.
 Ohhh!  Hey.
  Wow, twice in the same day, what'd I do to deserve this?  Um, I was hoping we could talk again.
  Oh, well, I was about to give Hazel a blood test.
  Well, I think it's probably better if you put Hazel down.
  What?! No, she'll be fine!  It's just her blood sugar! No, no, no, no, no!  I just mean while we talk, I think it would be  Um, easier.
  Oh, okay.
  There we go.
  Okay.
  So, I did something.
  I didn't do something, I should've done something.
  And I didn't.
  What didn't you do?  Um, I wasn't direct with people.
  People who deserve more directness.
  People like you.
  Well, that was pretty direct.
  People like you deserve better than people like me.
  You're the perfect boyfriend, Ted.
  Thank you But  I knew there was a "but.
"  No, no, no! There is no "but.
"  But you're just not the perfect boyfriend for me.
  And I don't-i don't think that I'm in this enough  to take it to the next level.
  Okay.
  Okay.
  So that does mean that I don't think  that I can accept, your proposal.
  Yeah, no, I pieced that part together.
  Okay.
  But um  Thank you.
  For what? Well, I wouldn't want to marry someone  who didn't feel about me  the same way that I feel about them.
  Oh wow, could you make this any harder?  Well, I did book us a two week couples vacation  that's non-refundable.
  Ooh, yeah, that makes  That makes it harder.
  Hi Bob, what's uh, going on?  Johnny, what are you doing here?  Well, I just came by to talk to you about the office space.
  It's funny to hear that,  because before you were saying this isn't office space.
  And uh, well, I got to thinking,  well, if it's not office space,  then, what the heck is it?!  And then I remembered Gwen's nephew, Eric, here,  was looking for studio space.
  Uh, he draws Chinese cartoons.
  They're Japanese graphic novels.
  It's called Manga.
  Oh, well, that sounds like a  Lucrative career choice.
  So anyway Bob, I've decided to take this space  for my office, so.
  Ooh, now this is a bit awkward,  because you gave me the distinct impression  that you didn't want it.
  And now we uh, have Eric here.
  Yeah, well, Eric can find a you know,  a back room, or a dark basement to doodle in.
  Well, that's okay, Uncle Bob.
  I don't have any money.
  Either does Johnny, and he's not even related to me.
  No, but you said Eric was Gwen's nephew,  so technically he's not related to you, either.
  So no offense, Eric.
  No, that's fair.
  Oh.
 Well, uh  All right, Johnny, uh, I guess just let me know  when you've finished cleaning up,  and uh, I'll find something else for you to do.
  Bob, I don't work for you, I'm just setting up an office!  No, I know, it's your space.
  And uh, just so you know, garage opens at eight,  but if you're here a few minutes before that, even better!  How did it go?  You smell the room, what do you think?  I-I don't know.
  Well, of course you don't,  because I have not taught you life's basic skills.
  Other than cooking, what basic life skills don't I have?  Oh David, I'm not sure we have time for that.
  You know, when I was a young girl,  my sister and I baked bread from scratch,  in a kitchen half this size.
  Do I wanna hear this story?  I could make a bed, I could fix a wobbly table,  or start a car without a key.
  Then I met your father,  and suddenly I had people to do everything for me.
  And I assumed that I would maintain my proficiencies,  should I ever, God forbid, need them.
  But no, I have lost all my skills.
  And now I know how it feels to be utterly helpless,  like you, and your sister.
  I don't know if I'd call us "helpless.
"  No need to make me feel better.
  Anyway, I um I found something.
  David, that's your cell phone!  Um you might wanna press play on my cell phone.
  Just press  "Folding" is one of the easiest  techniques in the book.
  It's just a very gentle way of combining two ingredients.
  See what I'm doing?  Well, that's simple enough, any fool could do that.
  Did you do that?! No.
  Folding is most often used in baking  Oh, Mr.
 Rose.
 Oh, hi there, Ted.
  I was just dropping off some stuff for Alexis.
  Oh.
 You wanna come in?  Uh, I think it's best if I don't.
  Oh.
  Oh Yeah.
  We broke up.
  Yeah, I I'm sorry to hear that.
  Yeah, me too.
  Are you okay?  Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
  Good.
  Okay, that's okay.
  I'm sorry, it's just  She really made a mark on me, you know?  And it's rare to find someone that beautiful, and smart,  and deeply selfish, yet charming!  Yeah, I know, I know.
 Well, you'll bounce back,  you'll bounce back because you're a fine young man.
  You're a fine young man, and  Yeah, yeah.
 I think I just  Need to get away for a little while.
  You know, clear my head a bit.
  Yeah, well, that looks like that might be a good idea.
  Well, this looks delicious!  I see someone decided on a new dish.
  Nope, these are the enchiladas.
  Yeah well, they kinda smell like enchiladas, so  We had lots of fun making them.
  Mm! Let's not ruin a meal by talking about the process!  Well, fair enough.
  Hey, I for one, cannot wait to dig in!  Hmm!  Mmm!  Not bad.
 Not bad, you two!  Not bad at all!  Mm it's creamy.
  Very creamy.
 Mm!  Thank you, Alexis.
  Well, this could be a very good thing!  I think maybe once, or twice a week  This won't be happening again.
  Uh-uh.
  Although it's really not that complicated,  once you fold in the cheese! Ahh   Alexis hasn't been here for a week and a half.
  I had breakfast with her just yesterday.
  That was me.
  We had a lengthy conversation about hosiery and menopause.
  Again, that was me.
     

                




                    			1 David! Alexis!  Time to leave for breakfast.
  Honestly David, why are you not ready?  I'm not going.
  How is it that a moth can find its way  into a triple locked titanium suitcase?!  The perils of owning cashmere.
  Alexis! Please, dear!  Alexis hasn't been here for a week and a half.
  She's at Mutt's.
  Well, that's simply not true.
  I had breakfast with her just yesterday.
  That was me!  We had a lengthy conversation about hosiery and menopause.
  Again, that was me.
   Hello? Anyone here?  Oh, hey.
  Could I get you to take a quick look at my muffler?  Oh, I'm I'm sorry, I don't work here.
  Oh, that's 'cause you're behind the desk,  and everything.
  Oh yeah, no, I mean I "work" here,  but I don't actually work "here " in the garage.
  I mean, I am working, here in the garage,  but I don't work for the garage.
 I'm  So you don't know anything about mufflers?  'cause I think it's just a loose connection on the bottom.
  Yeah, Bob will be back in a minute,  and I think that's your best bet,  Just you know, 'cause he comes and goes, and  Okay, well, maybe I'll just go to another garage.
  Yeah, yeah.
 Well, sorry, I uh, couldn't help.
  Hey Johnny, I just went out and got me a muffin.
  Bob, a customer was just in here,  and he was saying he had a problem with a muffler.
  Oh yeah? What uh, what'd it end up being?  Well, I don't know, I didn't go out and look!  Oh? I'm not a mechanic!  Well, I don't expect you to know everything,  but you know, if a client of yours came in here,  I'd certainly talk to them.
  Well, I hope you wouldn't.
  Well, not that I have to worry,  I know you're a little low on clients.
  That's because I'm building a business, Bob.
  And right now I'm in strategy mode,  looking for opportunities,  and eventually I will implement a plan.
  Well, if you feel like uh,  you might like to implement a muffler, be my guest.
  Because I can't afford to lose any customers right now, Johnny,  Especially ah, when I'm giving away free office space.
  Question.
  The cedar planks out behind the motel,  are they being used for something,  or are they up for grabs?  How do you know it's cedar?  Um, I bought a cologne once, in Japan,  that's supposed to smell like the aftermath  of a car crashing into a cedar tree.
  Why would anyone wanna smell like that?  Hmm? You know what?  Never mind, the cedar is yours.
  Thank you so much.
  Um, If I may,  what are you planning on doing with a pile of wood?  Oh.
 Um  A family of moths seem to have mistaken  my cashmere sweaters for an Atlantic City  all-you-can-eat buffet.
  And I plan on putting a stop to that.
  So I'm building a cedar chest for my knits.
  You're planning on building a cedar chest?  That's correct.
  You are.
  You're gonna build it? It's a box!  So you're just nailing some planks of wood together.
  Anyway, if you've seen the state of my sweaters,  you'd know that I have very little choice in the matter.
  So thank you.
 Okay well, don't let me  stand in the way of your handiwork!  Mhmm.
 May the force be with you.
  Thank you so much.
  Thank you, genuinely.
  Honestly, you're so great.
  Oh, Twyla  Twyla!  Twyla!  Uh, be right there, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Hi, Moira! Hello, everyone.
  Hey.
  I'll see you guys later.
 Yeah, see you at two.
  Yeah.
  Sorry about that, I wasnt sure whether you were waiting  for your family, or a friend  No, just an intimate breakfast, nothing special,  no big "ladies' bruncheon" for me.
  Ladies' bruncheon?  Well, whatever that was.
 A gathering of the girls, I  Oh, you mean the Jazzagals.
 I do?  Yeah, the Jazzagals is our singing group.
  A singing group? What fun.
  Yeah, Jocelyn started it a few years ago,  and it's been great.
  We even went to New York once.
  Oh, a trip to the big city.
 How grand!  Let me guess, a bucket of shrimp in Times Square,  followed by a "Lion King" matinee!  No, actually, we performed in Central Park.
  C-Central Park? Really?  Yeah! For the "Little Towns, Big Voices" Festival.
  You do realize I am a professional vocalist.
  Oh, really?  I thought you were in like, a soap opera.
  Oh, I didn't know you were a fan, thank you!  My roots are in the theater.
  Especially musicals.
 Anything "Andy" Webber!  Wow! So did you record an album?  Oh, yes, you'll find me on ensemble tracks  seven, nine, and thirteen of the original cast recording of Starlight  "Starlight Express.
"  Well, then you should definitely talk to Jocelyn!  She would love to have you in the group.
  Or perhaps Jocelyn should speak to me.
  Yeah.
 Menu?  Yes please, I'm still not quite off book.
  Aaah!  Uh huh?  Uh, hey, I just came by for Alexis,  she wanted me to grab some uh  Cute looks for Cute looks for the barn?  Yeah.
 Yeah, in the closet.
  Everything okay?  Yeah, I'm just um  I'm just doing some measurements, I'm measuring something, so.
  Why don't you use a measuring tape?  Ah, because we don't have one.
  Did you ask Stevie if maybe the motel has one?  Um yeah, I haven't got  I hadn't thought of I didn't think of that.
  So what are you measuring, exactly? Um  It's a really tragic story,  involving some damaged luxury cashmere.
  And so I am building a cedar chest for my sweaters.
  So I'm just measuring how big to make the chest.
  Well, I've built a chest before.
 Yeah?  And I have some time, um  Do you want some help?  You know what? That could be good.
  Well, how far along are you?  Um, I'm this far.
  I can't come in, But I do have some good news.
  That's great.
  What's your news?  Well, a little bird chirped in my ear  about your singing group.
  Oh, you mean the Jazzagals.
  Yes, at first I wondered aloud  why would a competitive vocal group  not reach out to a trained chanteuse?  Oh, we're just a group of gals.
  Exactly, that's the answer.
  Small minds don't reach for the stars.
  No more! Not on my watch.
  Jocelyn, I am here!  You wanna audition for the Jazzagals?  Au-Audition!  Uh, though I'm sure you mean no offense,  in the actual world of entertainment,  I'm what's known as, "offer only.
"  Moira, I know you're a great singer,  everybody has to audition,  and I can't have you not audition,  it would open up a whole can of worms,  I mean, even Gwen had to audition,  and she was in a regional production of "Annie.
"  Who hasn't been?  Listen, we would love to have you,  you think about it.
  Okay  Bob? You've got a customer!  Bob!  Yeah, the owner's just stepped out, uh, but,  maybe I can help you?  Hey.
  Has Paul Bunion finished his box?  Who?  I'm going to need some things for the chest.
  Like the number for a carpenter?  Like, a work bench, a miter saw,  two bar clamps, and some dowels.
  Okay do you know how to use a miter saw?  Um, no.
 Mutt is out back,  and he's asked me to get these things for him.
  Um, we're building the chest together.
 So  Wow, this whole thing just got a lot weirder.
  There's a tool shed out back, the other side of the motel.
  Okay.
 Will you be requiring a tool box?  Maybe?  Um, let's go with yes, just to be safe.
  Will you be needing your basic toolbox,  or your "cedar chest" tool box?  Obviously the cedar chest tool box!  Oh, that's in the shed.
  It's a big wooden box,  with the words, "tools to make a cedar chest"  carved into the side of it, so it's really clear  Okay, I'm assuming you're kidding.
  Um  But in the off chance that you're not,  where in the shed would I find that box?  You're kidding.
    And she did what she had to do   She called every angel  Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah   To rearrange the stars  So that each and every woman   Could find the perfect guy  Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga  Oh, it's raining men! Yes!  Bravo! Bravo!  Moira! Hello, you.
  Hi! Sorry for interrupting.
  I just-I just thought I'd stop by,  I was in the neighbourhood.
  Maybe I should showcase my talents,  I thought, for the group.
  Oh, that's great.
  Great, you can call it an audition if you must,  or an impromptu performance,  or perhaps "An Evening with "  That all sounds amazing.
  We're just finishing up a rehearsal,  we just have to work out a couple of rough spots in Lena's solo,  and then you can have the floor.
  I'll wait, far be it for me to get in the way  of you making any necessary improvements.
  Okay, so we're almost there,  let's just work out some of those little rough spots.
  Okay? Okay.
  So let's take it from  "For tonight, for the first time.
"  Okay.
 Okay, okay.
  'Cause tonight for the first time   Just about half past ten  For the first time  Hey, Johnny.
 Keepin' busy, or uh hardly workin'?  Well, first of all Bob, that's not the expression.
  Um, take a seat.
  If I may, an observation?  To run a business, you have to be here  to run the business.
  You have to be here to deal with your clients.
  That's what I've been doing all afternoon.
  You got some clients, that's great news!  No, I was dealing with your customers!  Well, thank you, Johnny,  That's a refreshing change of attitude.
  Bob, you're never here!  And while you were gone,  I helped a customer fill his tire with air,  I helped an elderly woman add oil to her car,  and I sold the '93 Buick for $350 dollars.
  You've got to be here to run your business!  Whoa, you have been busy!  Listen, uh  tell me just a little more about selling that Buick.
  Well, it's a funny story.
  This guy came in supposedly for directions.
  Okay, but anyone with a background in sales  could see how he was eyeballing that Buick.
  So I slow play it.
  I pretend I don't notice.
  And then he sort of mentions the Buick.
  So I hem and haw, textbook stuff, I tell him, you know,  oh, there's a lot of interest in that particular vehicle.
  You know, I'm playing the guy like a bow fiddle.
  Then he finally admits this is the kind of car  that he's been looking for.
  Oh, really? Says I.
  That's when I go in for the kill.
  Long story short, he forks over $350 dollars cash.
  And you're welcome.
  Certain instincts you just don't lose.
  It's like riding a bike.
  Well, funny you should use that expression.
  Because Dick Sinson is gonna be riding his bike  until we can get his car back for him!  Who's Dick Simpson? I couldn't tell 'ya.
  But Dick Sinson is the fella whose car you just sold.
  He brought it in for a brake job.
  I don't recall him wanting to sell it.
  Oh.
  Oh, poor Dick.
  He loved that car.
  It was a gift from the church.
  He and his family hit on some hard times, and uh  Yeah, you know what, Bob?  I'll tell 'ya, I will call Mr.
 Stinson, and apologize.
  Well, you can apologize to Mr.
 Stinson  until the cows come home,  but I don't see how that is gonna help Dick Sinson!  I'll fix it, Bob!  Here's hopin'.
  Ridiculous name!  Sin-Sinson Sinson!  Dick Sin-Sinson!  Ahh we just need to wait for the glue to dry,  it shouldn't take too long.
 This is really nice of you.
  Thank you very much.
  Yeah, well, I can't not jump in and help  when I see someone doin' something wrong.
  Was it wrong, or was it just unconventional?  No, it was wrong.
  Okay, well, I'm not gonna argue with you,  'cause I need you to keep working, we're in too deep.
  Uh, does Alexis know about this?  Yeah definitely.
  But can I tell you something?  But you gotta promise not to tell Alexis.
  Okay, um  If you're experiencing feelings for me,  Like, I totally get it.
  And normally I'd be into it,  I've just been down this road before,  and it's-it's messy.
  No, it's about Alexis.
 I see, okay.
  Um, well, you know, uh  what is it?  She slept over like a week and a half ago,  and she hasn't left.
  Uh huh.
 I mean, don't get me wrong,  I love having her there at night,  if you know what I mean.
 Yeah, I do, yeah.
  It's just the days, they've gotten a bit um  Suffocating?  I just think that a little space is a healthy thing.
  Mhmm, it is, totally.
  I mean, I've been enjoying it a lot, so.
  And I live alone, and now someone is there all the time.
  Which is great.
 Uh huh.
  But just not every day.
  And I just don't know what to say.
  Well, she sort of fades into the background after a while,  you know, like a smoke alarm.
  Are you just saying that because you don't want her  to move back here? Yes, I am!  You just take some time, you know?  Carve out some time in a day to just escape.
  You know, do what you wanna do.
  It's the only thing that'll keep you sane.
  Because no, you can't mention any of this to her,  she'd lose her mind.
  Yeah  It's raining men   Every specimen   Yeah, almost there!  Okay.
 Really good though, yeah.
  Okay Moira, you're up.
  I just noticed the time, wow.
  And you're all very busy, so why don't we reschedule this  for two weeks from now, when you're all more prepared.
  Oh no, we were done early, we got plenty of time.
  Thank you, but I think I'm fighting a little bug.
  Come on Moira, audition!  I would love to learn from a professional singer.
  Really? Or we could just all go home early.
  Come on, Moira!  Moi-ra! Moi-ra! Stop!  Moi-ra! Moi-ra! Moi-ra! Moi-ra!  That's cruel!  Well, I can't say no to anyone!  Someone held me all night long   It should've been you  Someone's arms were big and strong   It's should've been you  It's-I-a wah!  I warned you I was lonely  But you didn't seem to care No no no   That you could've been do do   But you dah dah heed a woman's tears   Woo Doo  Someone loved me all night long   It should have been should've been you!   You!  That's the end.
  Oh, that was different.
  Thank you.
  Well, thank you, I'll leave you to discuss.
  What's going on?  Um, I'm gonna sleep here tonight.
  Oh, is everything okay?  Yeah, why wouldn't it be?  Well, it's just that you've been spending a lot of time at Mutt's.
  Yeah, I know, and I actually had to talk to him about that.
  Oh, you did?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Um, like, he brought all my stuff back,  and I was like, this is great,  but then at the same time I was just kinda like,  I feel like I need my space right now.
  Yeah, and that's something that you said to him.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, we were chatting,  and I was just like, I feel like I need to spend a few days  back at the motel.
 Yeah  That's-again, that's You said that?  Yeah, that's what we were talking about.
  Oh, okay.
 Um  and how did he take that?  Um, well, I mean, I was kinda worried about telling him.
  I'm sure.
 Uh huh.
  Because I didn't want  I didn't wanna hurt him, and I didn't want him to worry,  like, oh my God, is he breaking up with me?  Is she breaking up with me?  Right, yeah, 'cause we wouldn't want him  to worry about that.
  Yeah, exactly.
 Mhmm.
  So but I'm really glad that I told him,  and he took it really, really well.
  So That's excellent.
  Yep.
  That's a cute little wood thing, David.
  Thank you, I made it.
  It did seem like a few of them  might've had some training,  but what I bring is a certain sophistication,  improvisation, showmanship!  I'm sure you wowed them, honey.
  Oh John, there were definitely lots of surprised looks.
  Well, they've probably never heard the real deal.
  I suppose!  Oh John, it felt so good  to be working the old muscles again!  Riding the melody, bending the notes!  Well, they must've enjoyed it sweetheart,  if they asked you to join.
  Mm! I know!  I only wish you could've been there, John.
  It would've been so nice to have you to sing to.
  Well, I'm sorry I missed it.
  In your dreams I'll soon caress your   Mmpph mmpph  In your dreams I'll huzzle lovingly   Sweetheart.
  Boncha boom da da  Between you and me  Honey?  I was older darling dream with me       

                




                    			David?  David, what is this?!  It looks like a bike.
  Is it yours?  Yes.
 Yes, it is.
  David, what is this doing here?  You might wanna read the note.
  No, is it from Mutt?  David!  No! No!  I feel like he really gets you.
  Like, I feel like he sees like, deep into your soul.
  I'm not quite sure what he's seeing exactly,  but there's definitely he's looking inward.
  What am I gonna do?! About what?  This is serious, David!  This is so off base!  Arghh!  My God, imagine what kind of ring he'd buy!  Like an opal, or something.
  Ooh, like a pear-shaped opal.
  Hello, is anybody home?  No, Mutt!  Hey, you have to support me in this.
  Mhmm.
 You have to, do you promise me?  Oh yeah, of course.
  So Hey you!  This is so special for me.
  Well, I thought you needed a new mode of transportation.
  I do!  I do need a mode of transportation!  And like, a car would be nice, but, do I need a car?  Not anymore, it appears.
  Well, you said you missed spin class, so  I did!  I did say that I missed spin class.
  And so you bought me a bike!  Because I said that I missed spin class.
  Because you're so thoughtful and perceptive.
  So you like it? Mm, I'd say she loves it.
  Mm-hmm.
 Well, you're gonna need this.
  A helmet!  It came with the bike.
  I think you should put it on.
  Like, I think you should actually like,  like, put the helmet on.
 Yeah.
  And I will one day,  when we take this little pony for a joyride!  Actually, I brought my bike, so we can test it out.
  I thought maybe we could take a little ride to the cafe.
  Ah! So fun.
  I hate you, David!  See 'ya!   What about lamps?  The lamps at the motel have those uh  Little bulbs,  these are old-fashioned big bulb lamps.
  I don't see any bulbs here.
  No there aren't, but the point is,  we can get big bulbs if we have big bulb lamps.
  Oh John, I don't know.
  Lamps, clothing, jewelry  Look at this poor woman's life  strewn across cheap folding tables.
  John, do you think they did this with our things?  No, not ours, no.
  They put our stuff right on the lawn.
  Strangers picking through precious pieces we owned!  I know, and judging us,  like we're judging this poor woman.
  Well, except they'd have been saying,  "what great taste they had!"  I wonder who got my golf clubs.
  Really, John, that's the first thing that comes to mind?  They were custom made.
  So was my Galapagonian tortoise-shell foot bath.
  And now some lonely hoarder  is letting his cats poop in it.
  Well, they were just things, Moira, just things.
  Yeah, designer, one-of-a-kind things.
  Yeah, sleek, oak-trimmed, leather interior,  German-engineered things.
 Oh!  Shopping used to cheer me up.
  Big bulbs is not doing it for me.
  Oh God.
  Roland! Sure, I'll come in, but just for a second.
  Ahem!  Huh!  Can I help you with something?  Well um, here's the deal:  Uh, I was thinking this morning,  and I don't wanna tell you where I was thinking,  but it was a small room in my house,  and I was sitting down Okay.
  And I was thinking to myself,  who can I trust to help me pick out a woman's blouse?  And you know whose name came to mind?  I don't-i don't know, Rachel Zoe?  Yours!  I don't know how to take that.
  It's for Jocelyn.
 Mm!  And you know, I would do it myself,  it's just that you know, shopping,  I mean, you go in, you get  You know, look at the stuff on the racks, Uh huh  and you pick out, you know, the color that you like,  and then you try it on and make sure it fits you,  Right.
 and then you buy it and you  You're just describing what shopping is.
  Yes, and normally I'm fine with that,  it's just I'm looking for something a little fancy here.
  A little um, stylish.
 A little elegant.
  Ah You know?  And who knows elegance better than you, pal?  I mean, you're the only elegant guy I know!  So you're looking for me to style Jocelyn?  Well, actually, this is supposed to be a surprise.
  So I was kinda thinking that maybe um,  you and me could just go out and do a little uh,  shopping together on the down low.
  Y-yeah yeah, that um  No, we could to that, we could do that at some point.
  Oh, great! Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Good, that's terrific.
  So then, whenever's good for you.
  Okay, great.
  So you wanna-so you wanna go now?  It's a little time sensitive, that's the only thing.
  Yeah, okay, well, I take it you have measurements,  and a mood board, then?  The whole purpose of having a bike  might be to actually ride the bike.
  Yeah, I'm just not wearing the right outfit.
  It's a five minute ride.
  Yeah, so by the time we get on,  and then we get off, it's almost not worth it.
  Do you not like the bike?  No, I love it! It's just that, um,  there are so many drunk drivers around here.
  It's 10:00am.
  Mutt, you tell that to an alcoholic!  Is it the color? Because I mean,  it's totally fixable! Okay, fine.
  I don't know how to ride a bike.
  What? I said, I don't know how to ride a bike!  Ugh!  Moira, look at these cufflinks.
  Oh John,  we're better off stealing cutlery from the cafe!  No, these look like sterling.
  I'm gonna bid on these.
  Hey there, Roses!  Oh, hi.
 Oh hey, Jocelyn.
  Look at you two bargain hunters.
  You finding anything yet?  Mm, nothing you couldn't see fall out of a common  Christmas cracker!  I think half the fun is panning for nuggets  at these things.
 Ooh, look at that mattress!  Well, there you go, what a find.
  Poor dear, enchanted by a death bed.
  This is a brand new mattress, it's still in the plastic!  What?! Yeah!  And it's memory foam! This must've cost a fortune!  Well, you're just gonna have to bid on it.
  John, why didn't you see that mattress first?!  That's something we could actually use!  I'll use the cufflinks! What size is it?  Oh I don't know, it's at least a queen.
  Well, that's too big to get home.
  No, we got the truck.
 But awkward, Jocelyn,  and awkward with those tiny doorways of yours.
  Johnny, help me cover it up.
  I don't want other people to see it.
  Now, we need a top, and we need a bottom.
  Like a skirt, something like that,  which I know you're familiar with 'cause you're wearing one.
  Okay, these are pants that just so happen to have  a pant fabric over the front and back Okay.
  Yeah, it's a skirt.
 Um, what about this?  It seems durable, yes?  Yeah um, in fashion, durable and elegant  rarely go hand in hand.
  So I'd put that put that back.
  Okay, so not that.
  What about this?  Jocelyn seems to like loud floral prints.
  Yeah, the thing is, um, this is kind of a special  Kind of blouse.
 Uh-huh.
  Have you ever seen "The Devil Wears Prada?"  Obviously! Okay, well,  Meryl Streep plays this kind of powerful, sexy fashion woman  Yep, I've seen it! Okay, anyway,  Jocelyn and I like to have a little fun with that idea,  if you know what I mean.
  She plays Meryl, and I play the nervous  but ambitious intern who's new to the city.
  Oh, so you're the  So you-you're the Anne Hathaway in that situation?  I don't know who that is.
  Well, that's more than enough information for me to go on.
  You're judging me! I'm not!  It's just riding a bike is a pretty basic skill.
  Mm, is it though?  I think that most kids learn how to ride a bike!  Yeah well, most kids also get head lice.
  I'm sorry if the opportunity never presented itself.
  Oh what, there was no gap year in Belgium?  No tour de France boyfriend?  Yeah, but I never had to ride the bike!  And David, was such a little drama queen  when my parents tried teaching him,  that they threw all the bikes into this big bonfire  up in the Hamptons, and we never talked about it again.
  Oh.
  Anyway, I have lots of skills that you don't have.
  I am sure that you do.
  Like, have you ever had to negotiate in Arabic?  It is very difficult.
 I believe you.
  And try getting into "Kiss Kiss" in Tokyo  without a lock of human hair.
  Now, you see, if you can do all that,  I'm pretty sure that you can learn to ride a bike.
  Alexis?  Sorry, I was just thinking about this crazy night  at "Kiss Kiss.
"  Well, this might be the closest we're gonna get to Meryl.
  You know, if she got fired from her job at the magazine,  and started walking the streets.
  Oh, that's a good one! We haven't tried that one yet.
  Yeah, I wouldn't.
 No, it's a good idea.
  Missing Peter Pan?  I'm sorry?  Well, because I see a couple of "Lost Boys.
"  Hi, I'm Wendy.
 Are we shopping for a mother, a girlfriend?  Actually, my wife.
 Oh!  Yeah, we've got it under control though,  so thank you so much.
  Oh well, very well, then.
  If you need me, I'll be right here.
  I know how hard it can be for two men  in a women's clothing store.
  Well, I'm actually in really good hands,  because this man has a woman's touch.
  I don't I don't know what that means.
  Okay, so we're going with these two pieces.
  Oh well, I have to ask, is this for a funeral?  Because we do offer bereavement discounts.
  No, why would you think that?  Well, just very somber, serious pieces.
  Well, we don't want that!  Well, they're not If you're willing,  I have a few new pieces that just came in,  I'd love for you to see them.
  I just don't know if we need to be adding any more options to the mix.
  Well, if she's offering, what's the problem?  Everything in here is like one big, tacky blouse.
  Oh, come on, that's silly.
  Now, I know you men like to play it safe,  but I just thought, why not shake it up?  Ugh! Oh, I like these!  Um Hmm? Mhmm!  Are they durable? Oh well,  durability a given here at the "Blouse Barn.
"  And if you're asking my opinion  Are we, though?  It's between these two.
  Well, this is a real "Sophie's Choice!"  I hope that you and Jocelyn don't role play that at home.
  Hell, we've played every Streep movie.
  Oh, okay.
 Um  Would you describe either of those as "quick release?"  Funnily enough, both have snaps.
  Oh, great!  Well, then I guess I um  Well  Uh, which one do you like?  I don't know, it's such a tough choice.
  Oh, you're tellin' me!  It's just that I'm finding both of these options  to be a little um What?  Well, I don't know, we've just spent so much time  and energy finding the few pieces that aren't um  Uh What?!  I'm trying to find the word to describe what I  Oh! Flirty? Sassy?  Skanky! I think the clothes are a bit skanky.
  Hmm.
  Well! Skanky.
  We'll um, take the funereal skirt then,  and the skanky blouse.
  And sold!  To Johnny Rose, for the price of $15 dollars!  Which uh, I hope you can afford.
  You know, considering your financial situation.
  Yeah, I get it Ray, I get it.
 I get it.
  I've got cash, and I'd just like my cufflinks, please.
  And now, moving on to bedroom items.
  First we'll have a brand new queen sized  memory foam mattress.
  We'll start the bidding on the bed at $50 dollars.
  We have $50!  $60! Moira.
  Ssh! Ooh, I smell a bidding war!  Do we have $70? $70!  $70! Do I have $75?  $75! Moira, what are you doing?  We are currently sleeping on a rectangular collection  of knives and barbed wire, John.
  $75, do we have $80?  $80! $80!  $90! Moira, we can't afford this!  You got the cufflinks! For $15 dollars!  $90! Do we have $100? $100!  $100! You just bid against yourself!  Do I hear $105?  Do you remember what we used to sleep on? Texas Kings!  $130! Wow, $130! Do I hear $135?  $140! $150!  $160! Moira, I'm begging you!  Oh, she has a decent bed, John,  she's just being greedy! $165, anyone?  $170! You did it again!  I know what I'm doing! $170! $180?  Ray, I think we're done here! $180!  $180! Do I hear $190?  One-nine two hundred!  $200! Wow, Mrs.
 Rose.
  You're really going for it, which is surprising  Yeah, Ray, you know what, that was just a joke bid, so.
  Oh, I understand.
  Unfortunately that joke bid is currently our highest  at $200 dollars!  Going once, going twice, two hundred and one!  $201 going once, going twice, Don't!  Sold, to Jocelyn Schitt, for $201 dollars.
  Well, thank you for this delightful trip.
  You know, I'm starting to get the feeling that uh,  you're a little upset.
  What would give you that impression?  Well, I first noticed it when heart came on,  and nobody was taking the high parts.
  Oh my God! Look you should feel good about yourself!  Come on, you made some great choices today.
  Nothing we bought today came anywhere close  to something Meryl Streep would wear  in "The Devil Wears Prada," nothing!  Oh jeez, you are so touchy!  God, you're like a a fancy dinner plate  that you don't wanna nudge off the edge of the table.
  Okay, I don't know what that means.
  Um listen, I don't have a lot to my name right now,  but I do have one thing.
  Self-respect? No, taste.
  And when that is not appreciated,  or worse, publicly undermined, publicly  Uh yeah, I might get a little upset.
  Look, David-David!  Listen.
  If I wasn't so easily swayed by powerful women  in a retail environment, I would've been there for you.
  Okay, because I honestly believe that really do  have a very, very sharp eye.
  Thank you, that's nice of you to say.
  Trust me, when Joc sees this blouse,  I'm gonna make sure she knows you're the one  that picked it out.
 I didn't pick that blouse.
  I know, but I'm gonna tell her you did.
  Okay, thanks so much.
  This is ridiculous! This is how you learn.
  Everyone is looking at me, Mutt!  No one is looking at you!  Ugh! Is everything okay?  People were saying that a girl was struggling with her bike.
  I kinda just assumed it was a toddler.
  No, I am a grown adult young woman.
  Okay, this is how my dad taught me,  and this is how I'm teaching you!  I'm glad I knew how to ride a bike when we dated.
  Yeah, I don't really trust your dad in terms of like,  "teachable moments.
"  You know, one of my mom's boyfriends had a really great trick.
  He used to say, "one foot on the ground,  one foot on the pedal, now get the hell outta here!"  Hey, that's fun, I like that, let's try that.
  Okay fine, I'm just saying,  if it's something you never did before  There you go! Okay, wait!  Are you coming, or do I just keep like, driving straight?  I didn't teach you how to brake yet!  Get the hell outta here, you dumb broad!  That was another thing he used to say.
  Hey.
 Roland!  Johnny, um, do you have a minute?  Yeah.
 Come here.
  What's going on?  Well Johnny, I'm about to make you  the most popular guy in room 6.
  Is this the mattress?  Okay, yeah, I've got a big heart,  all right, don't spread it around.
  I talked Jocelyn into letting you have it.
  You're giving us the mattress?  Well, practically, it's yours for $200 bucks.
  That's a dollar less than you paid for it!  Johnny, it's barely out of the plastic.
  We can't afford it.
  Oh I see, you're the master negotiator at work here, huh?  Okay, um, $195.
  We can't afford it!  Okay, hardball, huh? I'll play.
  Um, $182.
50.
  All right, bye, Roland.
 Fifty bucks.
  Fifty?  Look, I'll level with you, okay?  Um, we tried it out as soon as Jocelyn brought it home.
  You tried it out?  Yeah, not enough bounce for the bumps,  if you know what I mean.
 Hmm.
  But given your advanced years,  it might just be the thing for you and Moira.
  Yeah well, we're not that old  But $50?  Kudos to you, Mr.
 Rose.
  I can't believe I'm saying this,  but I'm so comfortable!  Well, only the best for you, my dear.
  Yet they didn't want it?  Oh, I think they just felt sorry for us.
  Well, that seems strange, John.
  Especially since Jocelyn paid over $200 for it.
  You know what I think, I think they tried it out,  and uh, it just didn't work for them.
  And by tried it out, you mean  I mean they tried it out.
  Eww! Oh God! No! Oh! Oh!  Oh God, that's memory foam, John!  Oh Moira, we've stayed at Kennedy compound,  Oh! This can't be any worse than that!  The Kennedys aren't Roland!  The Kennedys have regular medicals, daily laundering!  This has gotta be better than the motel mattress  we were using, I mean, who knows who tried that out!  Is that supposed to be helping me?!  Moira, this is a $50 dollar gift from heaven.
  I mean, look, hey!  I don't feel any springs, no nails, no bolts!  It's comfy, come to bed.
  Tomorrow we get a mattress cover.
  Yes, yes, that's the spirit.
  Oh  Oh! Mm!  Ahh  Seriously, don't think about it.
  Okay, so you have to  keep it upright.
  I don't even wanna do this!  David, you're gonna feel so good, trust me.
  Oh my God, you know that I have bad  foot-eye coordination, you didn't have to wear  corrective leg braces for three months.
  You can't blame everything on having been pigeon-toed, David.
  Oh my God! Kids, your mother and I are gonna  Oh my God, David, what are you doing?!  I'm teaching him how to ride a bike!  Oh please don't, you know I can't stand the sight of blood.
  Seriously son, you're gonna hurt yourself!  David, it is one foot on the pedal,  and one foot on the ground, and then get the hell out of here!  Okay? I don't know what that means.
  Okay, I'm gonna hold the back.
  Aah! He's coming, come on, come on!  Oh, okay-aah! Aah! Aah!  David, the pedals make it move more!  John, he's doing it! You're doing it, son!  Oh my God.
  Yay! Woo Hoo Hoo!  Hey, someone get my camera!  Nobody get a camera! David! Over here!  Alexis.
  I'm sleeping!  Oh, honey.
  Honey, I need to ask you  a serious question,  has it gotten worse or are you  just not wearing any makeup?      

                




                    			Do you like this sweater?  Jared Leto gave it to me and I've always been on the fence about it.
  I don't know.
  What do you mean, you don't know?  You either like it, or you don't like it.
  I mean, I like it 'cause Jared Leto gave it to you,  and he was my first kiss, but I don't know if I like,  like it, like it.
  Um, that's not really an answer.
  I feel really bad,  I feel like there's something burning in my throat.
  Oh my God, well, you could've answered the question by now.
  So I guess I'm wearing it.
  Dad, can you bring me some juice?  Be right there, honey! Yes, we'll be right there!  I knew this day would come, John!  Isolated, impoverished,  cut off from all medical services!  I only prayed it wouldn't be Alexis.
  It's just a cold, Moira.
 Oh, it's always just a cold, John,  until it's full blown Typhoid!  I don't have typhoid!  Well, of course you don't, what are the chances of that?!  Do you remember Valentina?  Our chambermaid in little Martinique?  We all thought she had just a cold,  until it was too late!  I'll never shake the mental image  of her frothing and flailing in the water taxi!  I can still hear you!  We love you, Alexis!  Don't we?! We love you, Alexis.
  Tell her you're gonna bring her the juice.
  I am bringing the juice, Moira.
  John, don't touch her.
  Ohhh  This is as far as I go, Alexis.
  One of us has to stay safe for David.
  I'm already in the room.
  See, we're still alive, Moira,  I think we're gonna be okay.
  Of course you are, that's the spirit.
  I'm just going to close this door until you're done.
  Sorry! I'm sorry!   Oh! Uh  Do you like this sweater?  Honestly  While I admire your courage,  uh, when it comes to fashion,  I'm just not the best person to ask.
  Okay.
 What's going on?  Nothing.
  Mm, you seem stressy.
 I'm not.
 I'm not stressy.
  I just want to make a lasting impression, so  It's a job interview?  For a "brand manager" position  at an upscale boutique.
  In Elmdale?!  Okay, there are certain lies I tell myself,  and if you're any kind of a friend,  you' will let me cling to those lies.
  And, drive me to the interview.
  So is this like, an either/or type thing?  Can I help you cling to lies, and not drive you to Elmdale?  Okay, I'm gonna change my sweater,  and meet you at your car, so.
  It's like a poncho.
  So the guys says to me,  "well, I wouldn't try that with a fractured larynx!"  I wouldn't try that, period!  Morning, boys.
 Hi, Johnny.
  Ahem! Oh man! Oh, boy.
  Well, if you gentlemen don't mind,  I'd like to start my day.
  Yeah, me too, um  Do you guys wanna see a card trick?  Oh, I do.
 Okay, first thing I need is a deck of cards.
  All right, you know what, I hate to break up this party,  but this is my office, and I do have a lot of work to do,  so up, Roland.
  Your office?  Uh, well that's kind of interesting, Johnny,  because I don't remember seeing your application  for a new business license.
  Oh jeez!  To be a fly on the wall for this conversation!  Bob, you're in the room.
  You know, Johnny, it's kind of standard procedure  for new businesses to register.
  But then again, I guess you don't really have  a lot to register, do you?  Maybe not to you, Roland,  but keep in mind I did start Rose Video  with $2,000 dollars and a dream,  so it's all about planning.
  I see it every day.
  Lots of quiet planning.
  Sure, he treats himself to a muffin or two,  but uh, I get that that's all part of the planning,  right, Johnny?  Could be.
  Yeah, could be.
 I mean  I could look at this muffin and say, this is a fine muffin.
  I'd kill for a bagel, but I haven't seen one bagel  since I got to this town.
  Now, back at Rose Video, I used to get my assistant  to bring me a bagel every morning.
  So I might think a bagel shop is something  this town could use.
  Oh, I love a good bagel, Johnny.
  Do you-do you think that idea really has legs?  Well, it's just an example, Bob.
  Ooh, I just get chills thinking that we're sitting  right in the middle of the "Johnny Rose Dream Factory!"  Ooooh!  Stupid baby.
  I'll tell you what, Johnny, instead of the license fee,  I'll just take a bite of your muffin.
  Mmm! Good!  Mmmm! Mm! Mm!  I have to go to this Jazzagals rehearsal, Alexis,  so I'll need your word you'll remain stable.
  We're a long way from any hospitals.
  You can't be playing fast and loose with those symptoms.
  Alexis?  Alexis?! I'm sleeping!  Oh, honey!  Honey, I need to ask you a serious question.
  Has it gotten worse, or are you just not wearing any makeup?  Your freaking out is not helping anything!  Well, I'm sorry, dear,  but you're the first one to get sick here,  and I-I can't I don't  I appreciate your concern,  but it's only a cold, and I just need to get better.
  You're right.
  Do I have a fever, though?  I don't know.
 Can you see?  Hmm.
 Ugh!  I think you have to do it without the tissue.
  You're right, okay, put your hand up on the forehead.
  Mom!  Oh God!  It's warm! How warm?  I don't know Alexis, I'm not a nurse!  Though I played one once in a lovely little production of "Harvey,"  but she worked in a mental institute.
  I blame those late nights at the barn.
  Cold air whistling in and out,  and you and Mutt not wearing near enough clothing.
  Everybody gets sick sometimes.
  Speak for yourself!  I'm sorry, Alexis, I'm sorry I must leave you,  but mummy's gotta fight for her solo.
  Arghhhh!  No.
 Nope.
 No.
  What? Well, this can't be it.
  That's it.
  Can't you tell by how upscale the boutique is?  Well, that's false advertising!  I've been in this boutique, and nothing about it is upscale!  How did you being in this store ever happen?  I was with Roland, we were shopping for Jocelyn.
  It's a long, frightening story.
  Anyway, we can't be here, we need to go.
  Why? What's the big deal?  There is a solid chance I may have insulted the owner.
  Oh well, that doesn't sound like something you'd do.
  She has very questionable taste.
  And I may or may not have told her that to her face.
  So there is no point in being here, you can start the car.
  I didn't drive all the way out here for you not to do this.
  Also, this is probably the only job  in this town that you'll ever be qualified for.
  Okay, so do you want me to lead with that,  or hold it 'til the end, and keep it as a surprise?  You know, Johnny  I think you're really on to something with this bagel idea.
  Yeah, but Bob, as I said this morning,  it wasn't so much an idea,  as it was an example of an idea.
  I see.
  Well, for example, if you were to open a bagel shop,  what would be the first thing you'd need to do?  Well offhand, I honestly don't know,  I suppose I'd start by finding a space.
  And then I'd probably source out a bagel oven,  and um, a bagel Baker.
  Sesame seeds? Gwen loves the ones with sesame seeds.
  Yeah well, whatever.
  And then we get the blueberry cream cheese.
  Ooh! Yeah.
  Listen Bob, I appreciate your enthusiasm,  but even if this bagel shop was a viable idea  Which I think it is.
 Fair enough.
  But you still have Considerable overhead.
  I mean, you wanna make sure you're making  Good bagels the real way.
  Well,  You would certainly know how to make them the real way,  because you're uh you  Jewish? I didn't know if I could say it.
  But boy, do you all love your bagels!  I mean I do too, and I'm not even uh  Jewish.
 You can say it, Bob.
  I don't know why,  it feels like a swear.
  What's the one you can't say?  Okay, you know what, I've got a lot of work to do, Bob,  but thanks for stopping by.
  So David!  This is quite the resume.
  If I ever need a performance artist I know who to call.
  Thank you.
 Skanky!  Excuse me? You called my store skanky  when you were here with the mayor.
  Mmm mmhm.
  Hmm.
  Well, what I think I'd bring to the position  is a worldly approach to merchandising,  and sales tactics.
 We're not over the skanky thing, are we?  No, and I can't help but wonder,  why you'd wanna work in a store you described as skanky!  I don't know if we need to keep saying the word.
  Skanky!  Do you still think my store is skanky, David?  Which is why I feel like I can help.
  You think I need your help?!  Well, I am answering an ad in the paper.
  Well David, I am looking for a partner.
  Someone who believes in my store.
  Well, I can say with complete certainty  that I see literally nothing but potential.
  In your store, you know?  Is the floor overcrowded? Yeah.
  Are the mannequins a little too busty?  Absolutely.
  Does it smell like urinal cakes in here?  Perhaps.
  Well, this is all very constructive,  and it's clear you have some strong ideas.
  It seems as though you have trouble  filtering negative thoughts.
  So I don't know if I can trust you  to represent the "Blouse Barn.
"  Okay, well, this has been a treat.
  Thank you so much.
  I'll need to see you on the floor,  working with customers.
  Okay.
  Can I help you? Bob want us to meet.
  Bob wants us to meet?!  Yeah, may I sit? No, no.
  Hey there, Johnny.
  Bob? This is Ivan.
  Uh huh? Take a load off.
  Ah.
 Well sure, sit.
 Sit down.
  Ivan would like to help with the uh, bagel idea.
  Well, there's no bagel I mean, you know, Bob,  I already told you I got some brick.
  You've got bricks? What bricks?  For bagel oven.
 Yeah.
  Ivan works down at the quarry,  he's got a whole truck filled with bricks.
  Right out front!  Bob, you know, this bagel shop idea was just an idea.
  You know, it's not even an idea,  it's just an illustration of a theoretical idea.
  Well, that may be,  but do you know how much a bagel oven costs?  And Ivan here, he's willing to do it for free.
  As long as I get to As long as he gets to make the bagels.
  Yeah.
 Wow, well, no one is making any bagels.
  Right now.
 You want me to start unloading?  No, no unloading.
  Ivan, would you excuse us for a minute?  I just wanna have a word with Bob.
  Oh yeah, sure.
 Okay.
  Could you stand, and excuse us?  All right, oh, okay.
  I'll meet you out there in a minute.
  Bob, you know, we are so f  Oh.
  We are so far from even remotely having  a conversation about this You know, business.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  You said you started Rose Video  with $2,000 bucks and a dream.
  I-Bob, you-you don't have to  Let's turn this dream Into green!  Bob, I don't want your check.
  Oh my God.
  Ooh! Do you think I should get it?  Mm! That's a question.
  You don't like it.
 I never said that.
  I never said that, I feel You know, in France,  they say the looser the fit, the sexier the feel, so  I've never been to France.
  Okay, what if I pulled a few other options,  and um, see what happens?  I'll be right back.
  Hi! How much longer do you expect me  to wait in the car like some hired chauffeur?!  Um, yeah, I'm gonna need you to do something for me.
  Like drive home without you?  Uh no, Wendy has got me on a bit of a trial run  with the customers, and I'm gonna need you to help me out  by looking like you're enjoying this conversation  a little more than you are,  um, I'm gonna need you to buy a couple blouses from me.
  A couple?! One.
 A blouse.
  What about this? Well, that's not an option.
  That-no.
 But I have my sister's communion this weekend.
  Okay, don't do that.
 Don't do what?  Do you not like it? Don't, Stevie!  Good recommendation, sir!  This is gonna be a smash at my husband's trial hearing.
  He's got good taste.
  Okay, so I've pulled a few options.
  Or we can go with what we have.
  These are stupid.
 Okay.
  Alexis?  The woman at the general store said a girl in Elmdale  recently contracted avian flu.
  So I got you a bit of everything.
  Oh I see you're already being taken care of.
  Hello.
  I didn't realize you were feeling well enough for company.
  I just brought over a few things  to help break the fever.
  And it's really helping, thank you.
  No, I-I'm relieved that Alexis has someone  with such natural care-giving tendencies.
  I'm gonna go.
 No babe, stay.
  Had I known your spirits were so high,  I might not have spent the last 45 minutes of my life  running around buying cold medication.
  I didn't ask you to go buy cold medication.
  When have you ever bought me cold medication?!  Exactly, I knew it didn't feel right.
  I think you're in good hands now, babe.
  No! Uh-huh.
  Oh dear, are we sure this isn't just mono again?  What with your symptoms, and your lifestyle?  Mrs.
 Rose, I don't have mono.
  Oh no offense dear, could be others.
  Oh my God! Get some rest.
  Bye.
 Bye.
  Weren't you supposed to be at choir practice?  Rehearsal.
 Yes.
  I supposed to be there over an hour ago.
  So why aren't you?  Because I kept picturing you diseased and all alone.
  That's never stopped you before.
  I know!  What the hell is going on, Alexis!  I'm feeling something.
 Something debilitating!  You're the ill one, but I'm I'm feeling this  This Maternal instinct, maybe?  No, that's not it.
  No!  Maybe.
  No!  Have I offended you in some way, Johnny?  Probably.
  I'm just wondering at what point you decided to cut me out.
  Of what? Well, I assumed I would be consulted  before we made any major decisions  about the bagel business.
 What decisions?!  Well, hiring Ivan for one thing,  I don't have good feeling about that guy.
  I think he's ex-KGB.
  Roland, there is no bagel business!  Okay, it was just a stupid idea I made up  because you were right.
  Well, I know that!  Right about what?  About me not doing anything.
  It's tough enough coming up with a business idea,  let alone a money making idea in a town this small,  and I was you know, putting a lot of pressure on myself.
  Maybe too much pressure.
  And I've been doing nothing but treading water.
  So I started rambling about bagels this morning.
  Look at this, the brain trust!  So I was thinking, and uh,  I'm not married to it, but uh  "Bob's Bagels.
"  Johnny, I think you have something  you'd like to say to Bob.
  You don't wanna use the name Bob?  Oh, I get it,  go with something a little more old testament?  Bob that's not it, no.
  See, there won't be a bagel shop.
  'Cause I've looked into it, and it's not feasible.
  And there already is a bagel shop in Elmdale.
  But Ivan's about to hand in his notice  down at the quarry, and uh  I gave you that check!  Yes and of course I'm-I'm returning  This check to you.
  Whoa, whoa, hold on a second.
 You took money from Bob?  Why didn't you come to me? You would've given me money?  No, of course not, but as your partner  You're not a partner! Not my partner.
  Look Bob, I appreciate all the confidence you've shown in me.
  I really do, and I promise you this:  I will come up with a better idea real soon.
  You know, next time uh  I should probably see a business plan  so I don't invest so much in another uh, hollow scheme.
  Yeah, me too.
  You didn't invest.
 Yes, and whose fault is that?  Mm  Well, congratulations.
  Let me get the champagne.
 You guys are gonna love it,  it's the same one we use to celebrate my mom's divorces.
  Great So how long before I can return this?  Oh, it's exchange or store credit only.
  That's funny.
 I'm not joking.
  Well, I guess you're buying drinks tonight.
  I can do that, that's fair.
  And dinner.
  Okay.
 And if I feel like dessert  It's a $12 dollar negligee on a 2-for-1 promotion so  Okay, I'll just drop a little raisin in here  to release the bubbles.
  Blechhh! That's no necessary!  Okay!  Congratulations!  A whole raisin.
  To your first job.
  Ooh, my first job was actually a gap kids campaign  when I was six.
  To your first job! Mm!  So tired  Yeah.
 Tell me a story.
  How about a song? No!  A story it is.
  Um  There once was a radiant young actress,  who dreamed of having two sons.
  The second of which would be named Alex.
  I don't like this story.
 Shh!  Now it seems the vivacious daytime Emmy nominee  was surprised by how taken she was  with this unanticipated daughter.
  Mostly because she didn't cry as much as the unmannerly son,  but also because she was adventurous, carefree,  so beautiful.
  Just like her mother.
  Alexis, you're on my arm.
  Alexis, seriously.
 I can't feel it!  I can't-Alexis! Aah!  Go to sleep, dear.
   Ray, I have always seen you  as a sensitive,  cultured man of the world.
  Thank you.
  And I'm sure your family  wanted more for you  when they immigrated from  Winnipeg.
 Winnipeg?     

                




                    			Look at the state of this place,  it's like we're in a Mumbai-an slum.
  A year ago we had a staff of twenty-five  working the grounds of our home,  and now we walk by a mattress on the side of the road,  without thinking twice about it.
  Well, the good news is that mattress is covering up  the cracked toilet seat.
 Oh, John.
  John, do you remember what Goldie Hawn told us  at that Amfar dinner?  I dunno.
  "You are the life you accept for yourself.
"  Those are Goldie's words.
  Or something someone said to her in India.
  Or perhaps she read it.
  In any case, it has always stayed with me.
  John, I will not accept this life.
  And neither should you!  Yeah.
  I mean, would it kill someone to plant a few peonies?!  I have a feeling if you want peonies, Moira,  you're gonna have to plant them yourself.
  These are dark times John, but not that dark.
   I love how we can just be silent with each other.
  Yeah.
  I mean, I definitely feel like we used to talk more  at the beginning,  but um, it's good that we don't have to do that anymore.
  Because now we can just express how we feel through silence.
  What? Nothing.
  What?  It's just, you're talking about how nice it is not to talk,  but you're still, talking about it.
  I mean, yeah, I'm not a mute!  Well, that is an understatement.
  Are we having some non-fight fight or something?  Because all I'm saying is that it's nice to not talk,  but apparently I'm not allowed to say that?!  No fight.
  It's not a fight.
  All I am saying is that you know,  you need to talk about everything,  and I don't.
  I don't need to talk about everything,  I'm just saying that, if I stopped talking,  then who knows when we're gonna start talking again.
  You know?  That way.
 Thank you.
  Are those my mannequins?  Yeah.
  Well, where are they going?!  Oh, I sold them on eBay.
 Well, what do you mean?  But don't worry, I'm using the money to buy other mannequins,  ones that are a little less um  Fun? Porn-y.
  Uh, I also placed a few other orders.
  Little things to scatter around the store,  to give the space a more directional feel.
  Oh David, I saw some cute little knick-knacks  that I thought we could pair with the scarves.
  Where are the scarves? Oh, I sold those, too.
  Oh.
 Well, things are happening very quickly.
  Now the candles, are they something that we would sell  at a blouse store?  No, those are just decorative.
  Scent is a really important factor in defining a brand.
  Alexander Wang once fired my friend over the smell  of his cologne.
  To Alex's credit, "Curve Pour Hommes"  hasn't been the look since '97.
  Well, the look and the smell here's very "woody",  very funky.
  Now David, you don't have to sell all my things off.
  You can use the company credit card.
  Yeah, I used that, too.
  Oh well then, save all the receipts,  because anything you buy for the store is a write off.
  The candles, and the jewelry stands  No jewelry stands.
  No jewelry Noooo!  No, David! Jewelry stands!  I have taken a moment out of my busy schedule,  because this poor town is sliding into disarray.
  There is a filthy mattress just lying on the side of the road  a few blocks from here!  Oh no, that's Dick Sinson's mattress, he's giving it away.
  Ray, I have always seen you as a sensitive,  cultured, man of the world.
  You have that striking accent.
 Thank you.
  And I'm sure your family wanted more for you  when they immigrated from  Winnipeg.
 Winnipeg.
  We deserve more, don't we, ray?  We deserve cleanliness, we deserve flower beds,  we deserve better lives!  You make some very good points Mrs.
 Rose.
 Thank you.
  But can I ask why are you talking to me about this?  I'm hoping to take my complaint to council,  and I've been told you'd be the easiest one to crack.
  Too kind.
 And I'd be happy to help.
  Excellent!  But unfortunately, I'm no longer on the town council.
  I resigned a few weeks ago,  too overwhelmed with my businesses.
  But uh, you're more than welcome to take it  to council yourself, with my endorsement.
  Which won't really help, since I resigned.
  Um, and council wasn't too happy about it.
  I'm surprised you didn't hear,  I talked about it extensively on my podcast.
  I don't know how I missed that.
  David, is that you?  Huh? Hey!  Look at us, son, a couple of working stiffs  back from the salt mines.
  What?! Two men, back from the mines.
  What mines? What's that mean?  It's a figure of speech.
  Um, I don't get that.
  The salt mines! Back from when people mined.
  Uh huh When miners worked in the, salt industry,  they'd come home, after digging salt.
  I don't know what it means!  Uh-huh, you know I just got back from a four-hour shift  that mostly consisted of me sampling luxury candles so  Well, that's that's a tough day.
  Hmm.
  Why don't you grab yourself a cold one?  You've earned it.
  Working man.
 Thank you.
  There's nothing in here.
 Really?  Yeah.
 Oh, I must've taken the last one.
  Okay.
  You know, for what it's worth, son,  I just wanted to tell you uh  How proud of you I am.
 Thank you.
  I mean, you got this job all on your own,  nobody had to make a call, nobody got involved,  nobody had to pay somebody off.
  What? And you're looking very, very sharp.
  Well Is that a new sweater?  Uh, it is.
  Well, word to the wise, son,  don't spend all your money at once.
  I thought you weren't getting involved.
 No, I'm not.
  I'm not, I'm just saying, word to the wise, is all.
  Okay, what does "word to the wise" even mean?  Word to the wise.
  When you're speaking to somebody wise,  you lis you're cognizant of what they're saying.
  A wise person telling you  Anyway, just-just uh, keep that in mind, and um  Keep up the good work.
  Thanks so much.
 I'm just gonna use this now.
 So  Wake up sleepy head, nap time's over.
  Honestly, honestly, I have no money,  and an empty purse from two seasons ago!  Alexis, it's me.
  Oh my God! Your face!  Yes, you can see it now!  You shaved!  Are you-are you crying?  No!  No, um, when did you do this?  Just now, I felt like a change.
  And you didn't talk to me about it.
  About me shaving my beard?  Yeah.
 Okay, what would we have talked about?  It's my face.
  Um  You'd have said, uh,  "wow Alexis, I'm thinking about shaving my beard.
"  And then I would've said,  "hm, no mutt, I don't think that that's the right journey  for you at this point in time.
"  Well, then I would've said, "too bad.
"  I shave like, every six months.
  Okay, you try growing a beard!  I was a beard for a very well known actor,  and I get it, it's uncomfortable.
  But your beard is like, my favorite thing about you!  My beard is your favorite thing about me!  I said one of my favorite things.
 No, no, no, no.
  You said, "favorite thing!"  I just woke up, and you have a different face.
  So there's just a lot going on right now!  Yeah, tell me about it, I just found out  that my girlfriend's favorite thing about me  is the hair that grows out of my face!  I'm just saying  That I think that that was a decision  that we needed to make as a couple.
  Okay? We need to communicate more.
  I really didn't think that "this" was a thing  we needed to talk about.
  I thought we had a deeper thing goin' on.
  That's not what this is about.
  This is about me being left out of the loop.
  I do need to talk.
  And maybe if we had talked more,  I could have prepared myself for this.
  Look at your little doll lips.
  Thank you for installing the ramp at the post office  But it's a little steep.
  I've tried it twice, and both times,  I've been sort of shot back into traffic.
  Yeah, but see the thing with a ramp is,  it's kind of a momentum thing,  you really gotta you know, give it a  Attention please, council!  I have a concern.
  I was just hoping to be interrupted  by a concerned citizen.
  Would you like to be added to the agenda, Moira?  No need, I'm prepared to speak now.
  Well, that just doesn't work, I mean,  we have a list, uh  Bob, just concentrate on the minutes, okay?  I can tell right now you're behind.
  Okay, typing is not my strong suit.
  Ray could type without looking at the keys.
  This will take but a moment.
  I can't imagine you have anything more pressing this afternoon.
  Well, actually, Jennifer had the floor.
  Hello.
  You could've spoken up.
  Excuse me.
  David, if you're going out again,  can you pick up some new toilet paper?  I cannot use the stuff the motel provides, okay?  It's like a birthday streamer.
  You-you-it stretches,  and then, and then you pull it, and it just snaps, okay?  That-that whole thing just fell off the roller!  Wow, um, dad, you remember Stevie.
  Yes, yes, I remember Stevie.
  I know Stevie.
 I knew Stevie was here.
  That's why I came in with something funny.
  Hmm.
 Oh yeah, sure.
  What's this? Looks expensive.
  Oh, this is some new bedding.
  David, didn't I just Tell you to save your money?  Uh, yeah.
  I am testing this out for the store,  so work is paying for it.
  Work is paying for your bedding?  I was gonna leave, but now I don't want to.
  What is that? Is that a new lamp?  Yeah, I'm thinking of bringing home-ware  into the store, so that's a write off.
  That's a write off? Yeah.
  Do you even know what a write off is?!  Uh yeah, it's when you buy something for your business  and the government pays you back for it.
  Oh, and who pays for it?  Nobody, you write it off.
  Who writes it off?!  I don't know, the govern The "write off" people!  Why are we having this conversation?  So if I need booze to get through my day,  I can just write that off? That's a stretch.
  But the skin care products you got this morning,  those are a write off.
  What skin care products? You purchased skin care products?!  Okay, okay.
 I am the face of the company.
  If I have acne, what does that say about the legitimacy  of the store?  That's not a write off!  That's not a write off!  This?! Not a write off!  Oh, well, the bedding's non refundable, so.
  David, a write off is a business expense  used to reduce your taxable income!  Okay, well then why isn't it called a "tax write off?"  It is!  It is, you can't just buy things for yourself,  and write them off!  Well then, I'll return some things.
  There's not enough space in here for the massage chair, anyway.
  I should get back to work.
  Just in case any more of your packages arrive.
  I am here to address an issue that I believe  Self-respect.
  I don't think we can help you in that department.
  I'm speaking about what we have allowed  to happen to this town.
  Everyone leaving their old things here and there,  like some city-wide garage sale!  I deserve better!  We deserve better.
  A baby born in a prison cell does not know  that a toilet should not be in the same room  as its bed, but we do.
  I didn't know you'd been in prison.
  What? No, I'm illustrating a point.
  Okay, picture all of you living in a cave,  having never seen the outside world  And then I show up.
  No, this is not what I'm trying to say.
  What are you trying to say?  That we should strive for something  that sets us apart from the prison baby.
  Greenery! We need greenery!  Flowers, Boxwood trees!  Two sets each for the cafe, and the motel.
  And then a citywide clean up,  and I will not take no for an answer.
  Yeah well, I was actually just gonna suggest that.
  Before you suggested it.
  Thank you.
  So there was just one baby in prison,  or there were more?  Did you lose weight? I shaved my beard.
  Oh, I like it.
 You look younger.
  Thank you, Twyla.
 That means a lot.
  So, what can I get you guys?  Um, what's the cake today?  I'm sorry, did you just ask for cake?  I'm not used to you ordering solid food.
  Yeah, I'll just have a slice of whatever.
  I guess I'm having cake.
  Everything okay? Yeah.
  I don't know, I just feel like something's changed  with us.
  Huh.
  What are you thinking?  I don't know if anything's changed.
  I think maybe we know each other better now.
  Maybe that's the problem.
  No, no, I'm not saying that there's a problem,  I'm just saying that there are definitely a few things  between us that need to be adjusted  in order to make this work for us.
  Like maybe I need to talk less and listen more,  and you need to talk more, and listen less.
  And are you willing to make these adjustments?  Well  Are you?  Uh I brought two forks.
  Just in case you wanted to share.
  S  Hmm.
  Yeah.
  Be careful on those stairs!  Hey, next order of business, we install a ramp here.
  Hey! Hmm?  You really put Roland on the spot there.
  I was simply exercising a basic human right.
  Yeah, and I don't disagree with you.
  I've always known you were on my side.
  I wouldn't go that far.
 But I will say this,  usually these council decisions, they take weeks.
  Oh, I won't wait for anyone's decision.
  I once got Winnie Mandela to RSVP  to an "Artists Against Eczema" benefit within the hour.
  You're a pain in the ass, but you get stuff done.
  A delightful compliment.
 Hmm, but those boxwood trees?  Oh yes, two sets,  and if you know a good ceramicist  I would lower your expectations.
  You're lucky if you get some daisies in a planter.
  But good work.
 Thank you.
  Eczema benefit?  Yes, you try enjoying a puff pastry  with everyone around you scratching.
  Ew!  Ugh!  What's going on?  I think Mutt and I ended things.
  You think? Okay, here's a serious question:  Are you capable of making an executive decision?  It's done.
  Um what happened?  I don't know, like, we were talking, and then we just  Like, didn't talk for a long time.
  Okay.
 And that's it?  No, and then we talked about why we weren't talking.
  And then we both agreed that even though the sex was amazing  Mhmm.
 Like, amazing!  There was this time in the barn where I climbed up onto this rafter  But yeah, no, I think-I think we're good.
  Yeah, anyway, we both agreed that we'd just been  lusting after each other for such a long time  that that's what we were holding onto,  and not what was right in front of us.
  Which was what? What?  What was right in front of you?  When? Okay.
  Okay.
 So anyway, it's done.
  And it's just really weird,  because I've never felt anything after a break up.
  Mhmm.
 Like, nothing.
  Like, I've been to doctors about it.
  Mhmm But this time, it's different.
  Well, that's good.
  I think he changed me a bit.
  Like he knows me.
  I let him know me.
 You know?  I think I need a hug, or something.
  W-you what?  I need a hug.
  Uh uh  David, will you please give me a hug? Oh, okay, yes, yeah.
  Did you get new bedding?  Um, yeah, I did.
  But it's a write off, so I don't  Anyway.
  David, Alexis!  Could you come out here, please?  David, Alexis!  Come see this! What?  Honestly, John, it's not worth it.
  Your mother has done something we can all be proud of.
  Oh, did you pick up that random condom  that was on the grass there?  Ew yeah, whose was that? I have no idea.
  No, that's not it.
 Not it.
  They'll never see it.
  Throw it on the long list of things I've done  for my children they don't appreciate.
  Your mother had these boxwoods put in.
  Weren't those here before? There was literally nothing here.
  It was a wasteland.
  Weren't there more plants here before?  No, there weren't! And there are more around town.
  Thanks to your mother.
  That's great.
  Okay.
  Are we good with the plants, or? Can we go? Yeah.
  Yeah, we're good.
 Okay.
  Oh, there's the condom right there, David.
  Ew! Eww!   There seems to be a rumor  going around about me.
  I heard that one.
  It's only because you converse  with women easily  and you dress so well.
  I wouldn't give it another thought.
  What? I'm sorry, which rumor  are you talking about?     

                




                    			- Good Morning! Hi, Twyla.
  I hear congratulations are in order, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Thank you, dear, for what?  Oh, should I not say anything yet?  Well, you could say something, think of it as a clue.
  Not say something about what?  Your wife's big announcement.
  Again dear, clue!  You running for town council! What, excuse me?  You're running for town council?  No, I'm not running for town council.
  Oh, I must've misheard.
  Everyone was talking about you standing up to council  last week, so I just assumed  Never assume, dear, It makes an ass out of both of us.
  It's not that absurd an idea, Moira.
  You know, being on town council might give you an outlet  to channel all that  "passion" you have for this town.
  I'd sooner poke my eyes out with hat pins.
  Well, that's subtle.
  Well, I think you would make a great councilor.
  Well, the right person might be able to get  a lot done around here.
  The right person, John, wouldn't be caught dead in this,  they'd be running somewhere a little more  What? Moira  Okay, maybe I should say somewhere less  Less what?  What's the word I'm trying to think of?  Well, let's hope we don't find it, okay?  Are we ready to order, councilor?  You go ahead.
   Have you seen my black shoe?  It's a lace up, probably lost in the sea  of your dirty clothes?  No.
 Ugh!  What is going on here?!  Why are your clothes crammed under my bed?  It's just temporary storage, David.
  Look at your things.
  Look at your life!  I have been distracted!  Why is this wet? Ewww!  Because I kicked over a glass of water  that you left on the floor.
  I wasn't drinking water.
  Okay, so maybe it was mine, what difference does it make?  Ugh! Oh my God!  Ugh! Anyway, I need the room tonight,  because I'm having a friend over.
  What friend?  Um Twyla, we're gonna have a fun little sleepover.
  Mhmm You and Twyla?  Yeah, we're gonna do face masks,  and we're gonna talk about boys that we both know,  and have dated.
  Um, have you spent more than five minutes  with the girl, one on one?  She could be a serial killer.
  Twy and I have tea together like, every day, David.
  That she serves you at the cafe.
  Because we're friends.
  Oh right.
  Um, so then where is Twyla going to sleep tonight?  Because I'd say she could stay under my bed,  but your disgusting clothes are all stuffed under there,  So just wondering,  where she'd sleep!  Stop doing that with your face! Hmm.
  Bob, now that Ray's stepped down from council,  I gather his seat is up for grabs?  "His seat is up for grabs?"  I could say something pretty inappropriate right now.
  Well, I'm hoping you don't.
  No, but I could, that's a real set up.
  Yeah, yeah, but I was thinking, if his seat  There you go again!  Could be filled by someone with real experience  Uh-huh.
 You see, I played a significant role  in Gerald Caine's campaign.
  Who's that?  Well, he won a seat in the legislature,  and now he's a senator.
  Yeah well, town council might be small potatoes  for a guy like that.
  Well, not him, Bob.
 Me!  I'm talking about me.
  See, I've worked on a number of campaigns,  and I was president of the Video Retailers Association.
  Sure, and uh  it might be a nice change of pace from banging your head  against the wall here every day.
  Well, I'm not banging my head against the wall,  but if I were to run,  I'd need support from people like you.
  Boy uh, so if you got this,  that would mean we'd work together here at the garage,  and on council?  If I didn't know any better,  I might think you had a crush on me!  Well, that's That's funny.
  I'm only teasing.
 Yeah, I know, I know.
  I don't mean to embarrass you.
  I'm not embarrassed! You have no reason to be embarrassed.
  You're a happily married man.
 Oh my.
  And so am I! Okay, gotta go, Bob.
  Hey Twy, come sit!  Oh, I'd love to, it's just I have a lot of tables right now.
  Okay, well um, maybe we can hang out after?  I was thinking we could have a little ladies' night  at my place.
  Just the two of us? Yeah!  Come by around eight.
  I'm working tonight, but maybe this weekend?  Or are you with Mutt on weekends?  Um no, because we broke up.
  I'm sorry to hear that.
  Although, part of me is a little relieved.
  Since you did tell me to break up with him,  and then you dated him  That's so sweet of you, but I'm gonna be fine.
  So how late do you have to work tonight?  Um, until people leave, I guess.
  And when do people leave?  I don't know, after people clear out.
  Okay, well when everybody clears out,  you can just pop by.
  You know, when I broke up with Mutt,  I just took a lot of alone time to rebuild,  and regroup, and I just, I think it's so important.
  Yeah, and I'm doing the same kind of thing right now.
  'Cause it's so important.
  All right, good.
  Because you know what they say, if you can't be by yourself,  then you probably shouldn't be in a relationship.
  Mmhmm, I totally get that.
  But call me if you happen to get off work early.
  Twy? Call me if you get off work early!  All right.
  I know.
 I know!  Hey, Roland.
 Uh-huh.
  All right, so one o'clock, then? All right, terrific.
  Yeah, no, I look forward to catching up.
  Great, yep, you too.
 Okay, all right.
  Buh-bye! Sorry, Johnny.
  I just had to reschedule my colonoscopy.
  Oh.
 Well, I just stopped by to pick up  a nomination form for town council.
  You know, I gotta hand it to you.
 Um  It takes a brave man to face defeat yet again,  when his ego is so battered and bruised.
  Well, I don't plan on losing,  but thank you for the vote of confidence.
  Johnny, nobody plans on losing.
  But with all due respect,  this is a kind of a different playing field for you.
  Roland, I ran the second largest retail video chain  in North America, so  Well, that's good to hear,  so you're used to coming in second, huh?  Could I get a nomination form, please?!  Look I'm just trying to help you out here, okay?  I've been in politics for 18 years,  and let me tell you something, pal,  it ain't a cakewalk, okay?! Say goodbye to your privacy.
  You walk into a restaurant,  everybody's gonna know who you are!  Well, everyone knows everyone here,  because there's only one restaurant.
  I mean, just taking your boy for ice cream cone  can turn into a media circus.
  Well, your son is 30, and you never see him.
  Could I get a form, Roland? Please?  You know what?  I'll do you one better, I'll give you the form,  und your first signature.
  Oh, wow.
 There you go, how 'bout that?  Thank you.
 You're very welcome.
  You signed under "Date.
"  Yeah, like that's going to make a difference.
  Okay.
  Rrrrrr! Come're, you! I'm thirsty!  Exciting afternoon?  Thrilling, can't you tell? What are you doing tonight?  Uh, I'm busy.
 With what?  I'm going out.
 With who?  Does it matter? Where are you going?  None of your business!  Are you seeing someone?  Not exactly.
  Okay, you're sounding very sketchy right now.
  I'm going to a bar to meet someone.
  Who?! I don't know yet.
  Ohh So she's going to a bar to get laid, then.
  I see Uh no,  she is going to a bar to have her needs met  by some lovely gentleman she's yet to meet,  who is cute enough to sleep with,  but not nearly mature or stable enough to marry.
  I want that.
  Well, you can't come.
  'Cause everyone will think we're together.
  Okay, I think you're giving yourself a lot of credit.
  I was being generous.
  No, We're gonna be each other's wing people tonight.
  Um now, how diverse is the clientele  at this local drinkery?  I would say very diverse.
  I can't remember what life was like before dating apps.
  I'm both excited and terrified for tonight.
  I don't think I ever said you could come.
  Okay, so what time, though? And is there a dress code?  'Cause I just want to come prepared.
  So that I can meet somebody.
  I'm in Room 7 in case you need me.
  See you later.
  This is gonna be so fun for us.
  You know, it's uh  It's a funny thing,  there seems to be a rumor going around about me.
  I heard that one,  it's only because you converse with women easily,  and you dress so well.
  I wouldn't give it another thought.
  What?  I'm sorry, which rumor are you talking about?  The one about me running for council.
  No, that was about me, John.
  You were with me when Twyla said that.
  If this continues, I'll have to call a neurologist.
  No, this is another rumor, Moira.
  A rumor about me running for council.
  From whom did you hear this one?  Well, I-I don't know where it started,  but the gist of it is I'd be a shoo-in,  and could really get things done.
  Well, there's no question about it.
  You'd be a godsend to council.
  Well, thank you sweetheart, I agree.
  But they'll never know about it,  because you have much bigger plans.
  Yes, I know, well  I see you go into the office every day, pistons firing,  you are full of ideas,  and you haven't told me what they are yet,  but I have every confidence that they are brilliant.
  Yeah, yeah Well, who says I can't do both?  Moira, being on council could leverage our position  considerably in this town.
 It's not worth it.
  You saw me struggle to get those modest planters for the motel.
  Trying to council to focus on the simplest thing  is like wrangling monkeys!  Well, I can wrangle monkeys.
  It's called running a business.
  Yes, you could, but you'd be wasting your talents on these people.
  Yeah well, that goes without saying.
  Listen, I know it's a giant step down  from anything I've done in the past, but  Exactly, it's beneath you.
  Well, I just  worry that the people who were spreading this rumor  might be a little disappointed, that's all.
  Well, you can't worry about them.
  Hey! Hey.
  Are you waiting for someone?  No, I'm just taking some "me time.
"  Oh, okay  I hope I'm not getting in the way of that.
  No, no, you're good.
  So, Stevie  you're a strong woman who's alone a lot.
  Like, I know you dated David,  but everyone's allowed a mistake, am I right?  You sound like my conscience.
  Is it hard for you?  Uh, is what hard for me?  Like, being by yourself here?  Like, you're just totally okay to sit here all day by yourself?  That's why I took the job.
  Mmhm.
 Okay.
  And while you're here, by yourself,  you never get this almost uncontrollable urge  to talk to people, or be complimented, or  I know everyone in this town,  so for the most part, I would rather be here by myself  than engage in meaningless conversation  with people I don't care about.
  Totally.
  Mmhm And why is that?  Because I enjoy my own company more.
  Of course.
 Of course.
  Okay.
  Can I have everyone's attention, please?  If I could just-okay.
 Thanks, Jazzagals.
  I just wanted to grab your ear for just a second,  to make a quick announcement.
  I will not be at rehearsals for the next two weeks, because  I have decided to throw my hat in the ring,  and run for council!  Oh, Jocelyn! That's great! Oh my gosh!  That's amazing!  I'm currently running unopposed.
  So that kinda takes away the excitement of winning,  you know, but still, I think it's gonna be a real hoot.
  That's so fun! Congratulations!  Good going! Good for you!  Thank you.
  That's awesome! That's great!  So Jocelyn, good for you.
 Taking on a new little project.
  Thanks I'm really looking forward to it.
  You know what's funny, just this morning,  Twyla asked me if I was running for council.
  That is funny.
  I mean, unless you're thinking of running.
  Mm, no.
 No, no.
  Can you imagine? No!  I mean, just because you've spent all your time  trying to sell the town and get outta here, so.
  Twyla dear, what was it this morning that made you say  I would make such a great councilwoman?  Oh, I just heard you were running.
  Are you? No! I  She's not interested in politics!  Although I can see why someone might think that.
  I certainly know how to command a crowd,  and I've never been one to shy away from a good fight.
  I don't think it's such a bad idea for someone else to run.
  A little healthy competition never hurt anyone.
  Yeah, a real election race could be fun!  Absolutely, I mean, I wouldn't want anyone  to think that I was just stepping into this,  you know, because of Roland.
  Yeah, I mean, if any of you townies  wanna put your name on the ballot,  I think that's just a great idea.
  That's the spirit.
  If Jocelyn can do it, anyone can.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Places!  Don't you think?  Hmm On a scale of one  to I'm-gonna-get-beat-up by-an-angry-local,  where do we see this look fall?  Um, like, easy six.
  Okay.
 Where are you going?  I am going to a sketchy bar on the outskirts of town.
  And nobody invited me?!  You know how at home I am at sketchy bars!  Who are you going with?  With Stevie, we're gonna meet some randoms.
  So um, when I go missing,  just feel free to tell people that the last place I was seen  was at a sketchy bar on the outskirts of town meeting randoms.
  Okay well, this isn't fair, David.
  I'm the one who should be at a sketchy bar meeting randoms.
  I'm the one who should go missing!  Well then, come! I can't.
  Why? Well, for one thing,  this mask doesn't come off for another twenty minutes.
  You look beautiful.
 Thank you.
  And second, I told myself that I would enjoy  my own company tonight.
  Okay um, well, we're going to a bar,  and you're on the rebound, so text me when you're dressed.
  I'm serious, David, I'm not coming.
  Have fun, though.
  Oh, and in case you wake up in a chair  with your hands duct taped together,  you can snap the duct tape  by just raising your hands over your head,  and then bringing them down really hard.
  Thanks.
 Um see you there?  I'm not coming.
  I'm not coming.
  Hi, Moira.
 How was rehearsal?  It was quite an afternoon.
 Oh John, thank you.
  Listen, I just wanted to thank you  for what you said this morning.
 And what's that?  When we had our little talk about me running for council.
  I have to admit I'd given it a little more thought  than I'd let on.
  Oh? Yes.
  I actually picked up a nomination form.
  Really John, I didn't realize.
  No, no, no, I'm glad you talked me out of it.
  Okay.
 Yeah, because I thought about the job,  what it would entail, and you know, listen,  Roland drives me crazy when he's not even around,  but can you imagine? No!  Working with him every day?  Huh! I'm laughing about it right now.
  Did you know Jocelyn is running?  No, oh my God! This gets better and better.
  So the two of them on council together?  Is there a more frightening thought?  They would have a virtual monopoly on this town.
  Well, don't they already?  Exactly, I think someone needs to challenge them!  Right!  So what are you saying?  That I should run? No.
 Nope.
  Because I did get five signatures  on my nomination form, and I  No! No, no, no, John, you've got enough on your plate.
  Oh.
 Whereas I  have nothing but free time.
  I'm not exactly sure where this is going.
  John, you have the family to think about.
  You're going to accomplish wonderfully big things.
  Town council would just, hold you back.
  But something tells me it will not be  holding you back?  It would be a few weeks of my time.
  And you know, someone said it might be a nice project for me.
  And would that someone be you?  Jocelyn practically begged me to take the bait!  So you're running for council?!  Looks like it.
 Oh well, isn't that wonderful!  Isn't that wonderful!  Hey, that's really good news.
  I'm sorry, John, I just got swept up in it.
  No, no, listen as long as one of us is running, okay?  That's the important thing.
  It doesn't matter which one of us is running.
  I thought it would be me,  but then you talked me out of it! But that's okay!  Please John, I'm going to need you every step of the way.
  And I'll be right behind you Moira,  supporting you, because  you're the one running, and I'm not!  How long are we going to be doing this?  Oh, just a few more minutes, at least.
  It's not usually this dead.
  It's like everybody saw you coming, and left.
  Is this really what our lives have become?  Sitting in some sad  bar waiting to get laid?  Well it's this, or the Internet.
  Oh, I did have a match earlier.
  Um who is 79 miles away.
  Well, if you start walking now,  you'll get there before breakfast.
  Alexis is supposed to be meeting us here.
  She said she wasn't coming, but this is a bar,  and she is single, so.
  Well, you should warn her that we are the only people  here under sixty.
  Yeah, it's not not brimming with options.
  No.
  Nope.
 No!  No, it didn't feel right.
 No, it didn't.
  Well, at least we tried.
  I agree.
  Oh, uh, I notice that man is no longer sleeping  under the pool table.
  Well, I'm surprisingly good at pool.
  So Hmm!  Wait a second, is this like a reverse hustle,  where you say you're good, but you're actually terrible?  Um, I don't know.
  Do you wanna break?  Um, from what?  Oh, this is gonna be fun.
  Don't, David.
  I have nowhere else to put stuff.
   It's just a checkpoint.
  Okay, I've been through  tons of these in Johannesburg.
  It's like a drive-thru,  except everybody has a gun.
  When were you in Johannesburg?  I remember I'd just got my braces off, so  You were 14, in South Africa?     

                




                    			1 (Low hum of chatter)  They call this a candidates' breakfast?!  Well, it can't be, Moira,  there's a woman in cargo shorts.
  Twyla: Good morning, Mrs.
 Rose.
 Here's your name tag.
  Oh, bless you, dear, but a name tag  does not go with this ensemble.
  Oh, it's just so people know who you are.
  Not that people won't know,  when they see you in that outfit.
  It's very shiny.
  You're too kind.
  (Sighs) Well, I'm glad you talked me out of the Mohawk.
  I think these people deserve a little glamour  in their political campaign.
  I was always impressed by those masquerade key parties  at the Sarkosy's.
  Roland: Hey Johnny, good morning to you.
  Roland.
 How are 'ya?  And Elvis! I'm so glad you could make it.
  (Snickers)  Excuse me?!  Well, because you look like Elvis in that  outfit there, you know, and  but the early Elvis, not the  (Grunts) Okay Roland, stop it.
  Moira, all anyone can talk about is that outfit.
  Hah!  You are a hit!  Huh, well no one has said as such to me.
  It's just that, you know,  what you're wearing is something that people  around here aren't really used to,  or comfortable with.
  But that's what makes it great.
  Oh, this is going to be a fun campaign.
  Yeah, I think it already is.
 Mhmm  (Uncomfortable sighs)  Credit  Bob: Hey Johnny, you know I like to keep some milk  in the fridge for myself, uh and I noticed it uh  Mm, some of it was missing.
 Yeah, yeah.
  Well, I do admit I used a bit of your milk,  uh, to put in my coffee.
  It looks more than just a bit.
  I mean, the uh the whole bottle seems to be gone.
  Well (Laughs)  Well, it was very tasty,  and naturally I'll reimburse you for it.
  Alright, well, give me seven bucks, we'll call it even.
  Seven dollars?! It's raw milk we're talking here,  it's all natural, unpasteurized,  straight from the cow's breast, to your mouth.
  You paid seven dollars a bottle for this?!  Where do you get it? Oh, Johnny, I  I'm not giving up my supplier.
 I mean, uh  Unpasteurized milk is illegal.
  Yeah, okay, Bob, you know, I get it,  but we're not talking heroin here.
  Okay well, you know,  maybe you're used to being on the wrong side of the law,  but I for one am not going to prison.
  Gwen has already told me she won't wait for me,  so I'm counting on you to be uh discreet.
  Right, okay Bob, I'll keep it on the down low.
  (Sighs)  You know, if you expect me to drive you to work,  it would be nice if you were ready on time.
  I am ready!  I just have to get my jacket, change out of these shoes,  and grab my bag.
  Moira: David? David!  David, I have an urgent campaign related question:  I am approachable  Is that a question? Yes, the question is:  I am approachable  That sounds more like a fact that you're sharing with me.
  Are you saying you disagree?  With your statement? Um  Well, Stevie actually is just about to drive me to work  Oh my God! Sorry.
  So um, maybe I could give that one a think?  Stevie! Stevie! You're an average Joe Anne.
  You must have an opinion.
  On what? About my approachability.
  Jocelyn seemed to insinuate  that I am not at one with the people.
  But I've always believed that you lead  with your best foot forward, and the masses will follow!  You sound a bit like a dictator.
  Oh enough, David.
 Stevie understands!  I'm trying to.
  Yes! As a strong willed modern woman,  with a high school degree,  you know how hard we have to work to be taken seriously!  I actually went to college, but sure.
  I would vote for you based solely on the fact  that you wore this outfit to the caf for breakfast.
  Okay.
  David: You know, being approachable isn't that important anyway,  The queen hasn't smiled since the 70's,  and her birthdays are still very well attended.
  Exactly! Wait.
  What are you saying?  (Motorcycle rumbles)  (Idling rumble, engine cuts out)  Nice bike!  Oh my go ! Oh my god!  Ted? Alexis!  (Gasps) You look good.
  Like, really good, like, super  sun kissed, and muscle-y.
  Thank you, I've been working out a bit.
  And travelling, hit the beach pretty hard for a few weeks.
  And boy, did it hit me back.
  Good for you!  I was wondering where you ran off to.
  Yeah well, it's actually kind of a funny story.
  Do you remember that couples vacation that I booked for us  right before you broke off our engagement?  Again, I'm-I'm super sorry about that.
  No, no, it's awesome.
  'Cause they actually gave me the "Broken Hearts Special.
"  Three extra nights at no extra charge,  as long as I could prove that I didn't actually make it  down the aisle.
  Hmm! (Laughs)  Look at you, and now you have a bike!  Yeah! Yeah, no, I got almost full price back  for the engagement ring,  and I've always wanted one of these,  and it cost less than the ring, so  Wow! So you're in like,  a really good place right now?  Yeah, well, the beach changes you.
  Oh yeah.
  How about you? What's going on?  Yeah, I've just been super busy as well.
  Oh.
 Yeah no, I hear that.
  My day's been stacked, doing rounds to some farms,  checking on the animals, and now some house calls,  But I gotta say, it's a lot more fun  now that I've got this puppy.
  Pun intended.
  (Laughs)  Look at you!  It's like if the "Sons of Anarchy" had a vet.
  (Laughs) Yeah!  Except they don't wear helmets on that show,  Which I get, but, it's a little dangerous.
  Anyway, it's great to see you, Alexis.
  Totally.
  Ooh! Ahem!  (Traffic rumbles)  (Soft traditional Japanese music plays)  David! Jocelyn! Hi.
  Are you here picking up something for yourself?  No.
 No, I um  I work here now.
  Oh! So  I usually just come here when I need to kind of  freshen up my wardrobe.
  I see, well, enjoy.
  Just looking for a few things for the campaign.
  A couple of pieces that might catch the eye.
  Got it.
  I've got quite the stiff competition with your mother.
  Mhmm Of course I wouldn't want to create  a conflict of interest for you.
  Got it.
  Well, I have brought in some pretty decent pieces to the store,  you're just gonna have to search pretty hard for them, so  (Rock music plays, diners chatter)  Twyla, I was just wondering,  have you ever carried raw milk in the restaurant?  Um, that's illegal, Mr.
 Rose.
  Yeah.
 Between us,  I had a bad experience with black market milk.
  Oh? Granted, I bought it from a man  who I later found out was a drifter.
  Anyway, it made a lot of people sick,  and I am almost positive now it wasn't cow's milk.
  Okay.
 It might've been elk's milk.
  Is elk's milk a thing? I don't know.
 I don't know.
  I'm just looking for someone who sells raw milk.
  From a cow.
  That's a big business right now.
  What's a big business right now?  Raw milk.
 Shhh!  You would make a terrible drug dealer, Mr.
 Rose.
  You're thinking about becoming a drug dealer?  Ugh I mean, I get it,  it's fast money, and no one would ever suspect you.
  I'm thinking of selling raw milk.
  Oh.
 I don't think that's right for you.
  But selling drugs is?!  Okay, I had a friend in Venice Beach who sold raw milk,  and his entire compound was raided.
  I mean, he also sold drugs, but like  Well, I just think it can be profitable,  if I can find a way to capitalize on it.
  Um oh!  I just saw Ted.
  Ted knows a lot of farmers,  so maybe he can point you in the right direction.
  Oh okay, good, good.
  Good, maybe you can uh, give him a call?  Mm, I just feel like that'd be kind of awkward right now.
  You know, your trail of discarded boyfriends, Alexis,  is making it very difficult to get anything done  in this world.
 Okay! I will call him.
  Good, thank you.
  I'll call him right after my run today.
  Oh my God, okay, I'll call him right now.
  Good.
 Um  How much milk do we want?  Well, let's say twelve pints.
  And then, we'll see where that gets us.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  Hmm  Does this print come in a different colour?  Uh, theoretically.
  Yeah, um is it You're look  You want to have-you want that in another colour?  Maybe?  Unless you think that there's another top  that might be better.
  Well, I mean, there are other tops in the store.
  Uh huh, okay well, maybe you could,  without being specific,  point me in the general direction of something  that might be more suitable?  Hmm.
 Well, it's not really up to me.
  Um, and I am supporting my mother in this campaign.
  Oh yeah, yeah.
 But if I were you, um  I might look for a a blouse maybe in  in this general area.
  Uh, maybe a-a skirt, and a jacket.
  Maybe on this rack here.
  But again, it's all it's all you.
 So  Okay!  Thank you, David.
  For what? I didn't do anything.
  Moira: Good afternoon, Jazzagals.
  I have a great warm-up exercise I'd like to share with you.
  Twyla: Oh! Okay, I think we're just waiting for Jocelyn.
  Again? I don't know how anyone can one manage a town  when they can't even manage their own time.
  Well, I guess we could start without her.
  Good! Because I was thinking  we should get to know each other.
  Well of course, you all do know each other already,  But I'd love for you to get to know me.
  Does anyone have any questions?  Twyla: (Laughs) I am just trying to think.
  Maybe this will help break the ice?  Grace: We don't usually drink until after rehearsal.
  Oh.
  Uh, unless of course the drinks are free!  Jazzagals: Here, let me.
 Yeah.
 Open it.
  Thanks.
  (Keys jingle)  (Lock rattles)  (Door thuds)  Alexis?  What is this?  The twelve things of milk that you asked for.
  The twelve "things" of milk?  I didn't ask for twelve "things" of milk,  I didn't-I didn't say "things!"  No, I asked for twelve pints!  Is there one missing?  Alexis! What?  These are not pints!  Pints are little bottles!  Ohhh!  Okay, 'cause I was wondering why would Dad order  $300.
00 worth of milk?  This cost $300.
00?!  Yeah, well like, three-ish.
  I don't hmm.
  Um okay well, $394.
40,  so I guess kind of closer to $400.
  Alexis, what am I gonna do with $400.
00 worth of raw milk?!  Sell it! To whom?!  To your customers! I don't have any customers!  Well then, why would you order so much milk?  I didn't! You did!  Okay, why are you yelling at me?  Why am I yelling?!  Ugh! I try and do something nice for somebody,  You think I would at least deserve a "thank you!"  Oh well, thank you, Alexis,  thank you for ordering an insane amount of milk  that I will never be able to sell!  You're welcome!    (Sighs) This is a lot of raw milk, Johnny.
  Oh, believe me, I know.
  How many times do you want me to apologize?!  Well, try one, and let's see what happens.
  Okay, I'm sorry you weren't more clear about ordering milk!  Mm, not a proper apology.
  Ugh! Okay, quiet, you two!  You're scared, all right, I get it.
  That's why you came to me.
  We came to you because you have a truck.
  And because you know if anybody can navigate  the dark underworld of the raw milk game, it's me.
  You said it was a milk co-op.
  Uh, it is, but these raw milk guys can be loose cannons.
  Just remember, if things go south,  there's a loaded BB gun in the back.
  Alexis: What is that?  Roland: Oh my God, it's the cops!  (Brakes squeal)  Alexis: Don't stop! JOHNNY: No, it's nothing, it's probably an accident!  Roland: I'm gettin' out of here!  Johnny: Roland, Roland! Alexis: Stop, it's so conspicuous!  I know it's conspicuous! Close the door!  You're acting like I've never done this before!  Roland, just drive, just drive! Drive.
  Roland: Okay, okay, okay, I'm driving.
  Johnny: Start driving, drive, drive, drive! Okay?!  Okay, I'm driving, I'm driving! Alexis: Okay.
  A little quicker would be good! Yeah.
  I'm driving, I'm going! It's just a checkpoint, okay?  I've been through tons of these in Johannesburg,  um, it's like a drive thru, except everybody has a gun.
  When were you in Johannesburg?!  I don't know, I remember I just got my braces off, so  You were 14, in South Africa?!  Oh! Oh! Hey Johnny, Johnny, Johnny!  If this turns into a fire fight, um  you're my human shield,  and we'll use her as a bargaining chip.
  Yeah, okay, well, that's not gonna happen.
  Okay, I think the best thing to do  is just blow through the checkpoint.
  Yeah, we're not blowing through anything, Alexis!  So then my Uncle Ralph marries his third wife.
  What do you think her name was?  I don't know.
 Gayle!  The man marries three Gayles!  (Jazzagals laugh)  Like didn't learn anything from the first two!  I mean, what is that?! (Jazzagals laugh uproariously)  Jocelyn: Sorry I am late, gals, it's just been a crazy day.
  Twyla: Wow, you look amazing!  Ronnie: Somebody went to the beauty salon!  Jocelyn: Oh no, this is just a little refresh.
  It's very very glamorous.
  So we've scrapped the whole approachable angle, have we?  Who says this has anything to do with the campaign, Moira?  Lena: I love your top, where'd you get it?  Oh, just a shop in Elmdale.
  Moira: Colour me impressed.
  It takes a real eye to find something of quality  at a clothier in Elmdale.
  Oh no, just a little bit of luck,  and the right salesperson.
  Any of that vodka left?  Ronnie: Oh yeah, Moira brought plenty.
  And here I thought you were against this type of campaigning.
  Who says this has anything to do with the campaign?  (Vodka sloshes)  (Roland groans)  Just remember, no sudden movements,  do not reach for the glove box,  and not matter what happens do not tell them your real name.
  Uh huh What?!  (Roland pants, whimpers)  Woman Officer: Turn off your truck, please.
  Roland: Yes, sir.
  Okay, who do we have here?  Oh, um  that's uh, Jennifer.
  And then he's um Jacob.
  And then I'm also Jacob.
  Well, you can look at our drivers' licences,  if you don't believe me!  Oh, I don't think that'll be necessary, Jacob.
  Yeah, I'm just joking.
  We don't have drivers' licences.
  Um  No, yeah, we do have driver's licenses,  we don't have those names on our driver's license.
  Woman Officer: I'm gonna talk to someone else.
  Jennifer? Actually, my birth name is Angelica.
  We're out here today checking for illegal game.
  Have you folks been hunting?  Johnny: Hunting? No, no.
 We don't uh, hunt.
  I mean, there's n-no hunting going on here.
  No illegal yeah,  you won't find any illegal game here, that's for sure.
  No! (Roland and Alexis laugh)  So, what do you have there in the back?  Um, actually, we're just taking some milk to a co-op.
  What kind of milk?  Cow milk.
  So you three are dairy farmers?  Mhmm Yes, yes, dairy farmers.
  Hard work, hard work, 'Cause you get up you know,  so early, but uh But we love it.
  We do.
 You farm in that suit?  When the weather's good.
  I'm gonna need you to pull over, Jacob.
  Jacob? Jacob.
  Jacob? What?!  She wants you to pull over.
  Oh, I'm-I'm sorry, I thought you were talking  to the other Jacob.
  (Truck rumbles)  (David sighs)  (Door creaks, slams)  Moira: David? David, is that you?  Yeah  Will you come in here a minute, please?  Uh huh? You've had a long day.
  Come sit.
  Don't be such a prickly pear.
  I just wanna check in with my son.
  My first born.
  (Sighs) Mhmm  So! You're enjoying that new job of yours?  Um, it's a job.
  So sure.
  I was wondering what kind of customers do you get  at a store like that?  Different kinds.
  Different people come in.
  Are they mostly locals from Elmdale,  or do people travel from far and wide  to benefit from the expertise of a David Rose?  Okay, well if someone is looking for my advice,  then I am more than happy to provide.
  I saw Jocelyn today.
 You did?  Mhmm, she looked very different.
  Mostly improved, though I must say,  I didn't like the matchy matchy skirt and blazer!  No, she looked like an ageing stewardess  from a Latvian airline!  I told her not to wear the jacket with the skirt,  so I don't know.
  And whose idea was the hair thing?  I-I may have suggested  a slightly more contemporary look.
  I understand, I understand.
 It's water under the bridge.
  Well I'm sorry, I felt very  conflicted about the whole thing.
  Of course you were.
  Now will you be a doll, and fetch Mummy a knife?  A knife? Oh, I'm sorry,  I think you'll find one lodged in the middle of my back.
  Okay, well, that's a lot.
  And when you pull it out of my back  Okay, I'm gonna take a shower.
   you can plunge it into my heart!  Okay, all right.
  Plunge it into my heart! (Sighs)  (Can rattles)  Thank you, Jacob.
  Have a good day.
  Well, there it goes.
  $400.
00 worth of milk.
  I feel like this is partly my fault.
  Partly?!  Roland was the one who completely blew it back there!  Roland: What?! Did you not see me playing that cop?  Oh my God, she didn't know which way was up  when I was done with her!  The smell of this milk is making me super nauseous.
  Oh come on, guys, let's not end on a down note here,  this was a good day, let's end on an up note!  Enough Roland, just get the cans in the truck, please.
  Oh, okay.
 I'll grab one.
  Pick it up and put it on the truck!  Yes! Oh okay.
  Grab that one, put that on the truck,  and then I'll organize the rest so you can grab 'em,  and put 'em on the truck.
   Someone has to find  naked pictures of me.
  Better you than a stranger  in a storm cellar.
  Nothing's coming up.
  What search words did you use?  Your name and "nude.
"  Three words I thought I'd only have to type  if I was held at gunpoint.
     

                




                    			1 (Doors creak, thud)  Well, how's that for timing! What do you mean?  We both stepped out exactly together.
  We didn't time this.
  I know we didn't time it.
  What's your point? That is my point!  We-we both stepped out,  and we didn't know the other person was stepping out,  at exactly the same time!  Yeah, why are you yelling at me right now?  Well, I'm just explaining the good timing of this,  when no explanation is needed.
  It's just, it's the good timing, it's  Okay fine, I don't get it, but, whatever.
  Oh my God, is that David?  (Car rumbles)  Oh  Oh, hey.
  David, where did you get this car?  Oh, this car was paid for by my employer.
  We felt I needed a more efficient way to get to work.
  So she bought you a car?!  It's a rental.
  Do you think I'd allow someone to buy that car for me?  Well, this-this is so great.
  Thank God we have a car again!  Um, very unclear on the "we" part of that sentence.
  Yeah, your brother's right, Alexis,  this is his car, not ours.
  We don't have a car, and he does.
  Okay, are you okay?  Yes, yes, i-I'm just happy  the Roses are moving up in the world.
  There's a button missing on your jacket.
  What? Oh ew, you poor thing.
   Johnny: Are those turkey sausages?  Yes.
  Well, maybe, maybe I'll just sample one.
  Okay.
  Everything okay over here?  Yes it is, Twyla.
 Just great.
  If uh, if you could add this to our tab,  that would be wonderful.
  Add it to your tab.
 Yeah, um  What, is there a problem?  Unfortunately, we can't put any more on your tab, Mr.
 Rose.
  We have a limit as to how much you can charge on it  without actually making any effort to pay.
  Oh, I see.
  So, here's your bill.
  Okay, thank you.
 Just uh  Leave this with me, Twyla, and I'll take care of it um  This afternoon, or tomorrow.
  This afternoon would be great.
  Well then, this afternoon it is!  And if not, then you know, tomorrow.
  Morning.
  Morning.
 Tomorrow morning.
  Thank you!  Alexis: Um, what is going on?  Oh, nothing, nothing.
 Nothing's going on.
  It's just I've gotta move some money around,  make sure things are liquid.
  How much trouble are we in? Who said we're in trouble?  I have dated enough Wall Street losers  to know that "making things liquid" is not a good thing!  No, no, we're fine.
 We're fine, honey.
  No, no, I just had to use my unemployment check this month  to pay for all the raw milk that "we" ordered.
  Okay  Um, well like, what can I do?  Just don't tell your mother, okay?  Or your brother, I mean,  they're too fragile to handle this.
  And no one really needs to worry.
  Well, you might wanna tell that to your face.
  (Birds chirp)  Oh you are here, thank goodness!  Stevie, does this computer get Internet access?  It does.
  Please log on immediately.
  Okay  Jocelyn has made allusions to certain  Sensitive photographs from my past.
  Uh, are you sure you don't want me to just leave you  to do this on your own?  No, I can't type,  and I don't care to relive my days as a secretary.
  Oh okay.
  Uh, just give me a minute,  because we're only one small step above dial up here.
  It's hardly surprising that Jocelyn  would suddenly uncover these in the middle  of a political campaign.
  I suppose I just expected more from her.
  Okay, there's a bunch of you with O.
J.
 Simpson.
  And you with Robert Blake.
  "The top eleven photographs of Moira Rose  with future murder suspects.
"  Well, that's not what I'm looking for!  Why were you in a paddle boat with Phil Spector?  And doesn't he looks good?  That was the one time he let me play with his hair.
  It was a sunny aft you know,  I shouldn't have to explain myself.
  Okay well, there's a bunch here that could qualify  as incriminating, so  Okay.
  I did a series of very tasteful nudes  with Richard Avedon, in the 70's.
  I see.
 Um  This is really not in my job description so  Why aren't they coming up?  What, do you have some kind of childproof lock  on this Internet?  Hm, nope, that would make my job very boring.
  Oh, keep scrolling, please.
  Alexis: See David, this is what happens when you wash your face  with a bar of motel hand soap!  It's a zit.
 People get zits.
  I mean, I've always had clean, radiant skin,  but I'm an anomaly.
  It's not a zit, David.
  I think it's just my anxiety clogging up my pores.
  And forming zits.
  Oh! Ohhh my God, no!  What is going on with you?! I need to save this!  Wait, you're gonna put that on your face,  after it's been on the floor?  I don't even wear good socks in here!  Okay, there are things going on right now  that you don't know about.
  Like what?  Like things I that can't talk about, okay?!  I know about your dandruff shampoo.
  That is preventative,  and that is not what I'm talking about!  Moira: David! David, please!  Alexis: Hey! Wait, can you help me please?  No, I can't help you! Can you help me please?!  No! Moira: David, it's urgent!  What is it?  (Groans)  Darling, I'm afraid you and I have arrived  at an awkward moment in our parent/child relationship.
  I'd argue that moment happens daily.
  It seems that there are some nude photographs of me  on the Internet Oh!  And I would like you to search for them.
  That's a real quick no.
  Um, you can ask literally anyone else.
  No, I tried to ask Stevie,  but her computer is several years old,  and apparently quite prudish.
  If someone has to find naked pictures of me,  better you than a stranger in a storm cellar!  Is it though? What's going on?  There are nude photos of me all over the Internet.
  Um, are you sure you're not thinking of mine?  Nothing's coming up.
  What search words did you use?  Uh, your name, and "nude.
"  Three words I thought I'd only have to type  if I was held at gunpoint.
  Okay, try "effervescence.
"  No, I'm sorry, "small umbrella.
"  (Keys click) No wait, "Siamese eels.
"  (Keys click slowly)  Alexis: Oh okay, no.
 There was nothing.
  I don't see anything.
  You don't understand, we must find them,  so we can then get rid of them!  Honestly!  Can no one find nude photos of me on the Internet?!    (Door creaks opens)  Hey! Hey!  Um, could I have like, a glass of water,  or if there's a tap outside, or like, a hose.
  I can get you a tea.
 Thanks, Twy.
  Between you and me,  I know how hard it can be to pay off debt.
  My Uncle Ken only has three fingers now,  which is too bad, because he's deaf,  and he only speaks using sign language, but  He made his choices.
 Mhmm  (Door bell jingles)  Ted: The amount of times that I run into you in this place  is like, out of a romantic comedy.
  I'm sorry, what?  Is everything okay? Um  Yeah, totally.
  I mean, I have a pimple because I washed my face  with dirty hand soap, but, no biggie.
  (Giggles) Yeah, just don't look at it.
  Thanks.
  One tea, on the house.
  Thanks, Twy.
 No smoothie today?  No, not today, I um, I forgot my purse at home.
  Oh well, if you want a smoothie,  I can get you a smoothie.
  No, no, no, no, don't worry,  because then I would have to pay you back,  which is gonna be hard because my entire family is broke,  and we can't afford to eat right now, so.
  Oh wow, I'm sorry to hear that.
  Mhmm, me too.
  Well hey, I don't know  if this is something you'd be interested in,  but my secretary just quit,  and if you need the cash  That's so sweet, but I would be uncomfortable  accepting free money.
  No, no, you'd be working.
  Doing her job, and I would pay you for it.
  Oh!  But there would be animals around all the time?  That is generally what one can expect  when working at a vet clinic, yes.
  Hmm!  (Car rumbles)  Well, thanks for the ride.
  We've really been taking advantage of those rides,  haven't we?  You know, I never thought I'd be in this situation.
  Getting a ride home from work by my son.
  That's the situation you never thought you'd be in?  Um I need to go to Elmdale, so  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
 Working man!  Yes.
 Busy busy.
  Mhmm.
  You know it's funny,  it didn't seem that long ago that you were relying on me for everything.
  Like when you were taking your harpsichord lessons,  and I would drive you.
 I was seven.
  All the lessons that I paid for,  and schooling Okay, what is happening here?  Nothing, nothing, I'm having a little chat with my son,  that's all, do I have to pay for that?  Last I heard, you didn't have to pay  You and Alexis, I've been getting some very weird vibes.
  What did Alexis say? What did she say?!  Well, she-she didn't say anything.
  Should she have said something? No, no.
  What is going on?! It's  I've over extended a little bit this month.
  Financially, I-I could use some gap financing,  that's all.
  Well, should I be concerned?  No, no.
 Well, how bad is it?  It's pretty bad, it's pretty bad,  and you know, this is so awkward for a father  to come to a son for money.
 Well, believe it or not,  this is actually not the most awkward  parent/son request I've gotten today, so  If you need money, I can give you money.
  Well, thank you, David.
  So  Oh my God! What are you doing?  Well, I was trying to give you a hug.
  I-I get the gesture.
 I should've undone the seatbelt.
  Okay, well then, let's just leave it at a gesture.
  Okay, let's just leave it.
 Um yeah, let's leave it.
  High five, son.
 Uh well, okay, okay.
 All right, okay.
  So, I've been thinking about the job   and I have decided that I am interested.
  Great!  But I would like to interview for it.
  Just like everybody else.
  Are you sure about that?  Because I already offered you the job.
  No I know, I just, I don't want any special treatment.
  And it's really important to me  that I feel like I really earned this.
  Okay, uh, have a seat.
  Okay.
  Okay  Ahem!  Okay! So  Just a second.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  Have you ever worked as a receptionist before?  That would be a no,  but I have dealt with a lot of receptionists before,  and so I feel like I have the right temperament for it.
  Okay, and how are your typing skills?  Well, you've seen me text.
  Mhmm and how are you at spreadsheets?  Okay, I'm just gonna stop you right there.
  I'm loving this Q and A,  but I think what's important right now,  is my positive attitude.
  And I don't wanna brag,  but "Us Weekly" once described me as "up for anything.
"  So O-kay.
  Yeah, great.
  Well, I think that's all the information that I need for now,  so thank you very much for your time,  and I will be in touch.
  Thank you very much for your time.
  Did I get the job? Yeah, yes.
 You got the job.
  Okay! Okay.
  You're a really good actor.
  (Laughs) Thanks.
  You're welcome.
  Moira: Stevie, I knew I could trust you to find them.
  Stevie: The only thing is, if you want me to print it,  our printer's not working.
  Oh dear.
  Yeah, all those online perverts should be put  in a paddle boat, and sent out to sea.
  No, that's not me.
  That's your face.
  Yes, it's my character from "Sunrise Bay,"  but it's been put on the body of what I can only assume  is an Indonesian lady boy.
  Ohhh!  I thought maybe you just had a tan.
  So this is it.
  Yeah, I think so.
  Um, I would really rather not dive any deeper.
  No, it's not necessary.
  Because I ended up in some really scary, dark places  of the Internet that I would rather not revisit, so  I am suddenly overwhelmed with regret.
  It's a new feeling for me,  and I don't find it at all pleasurable.
  You regret that embarrassing photos of you aren't online?  No, I regret that they're lost.
  They were the one perfect memorial to who I once was.
  And I should've appreciated those firm round mammae,  and Callipygian ass, while I had them.
  If you're talking about your body, uh  I think you still look amazing.
  Then allow me to offer you some advice.
  Take a thousand naked pictures of yourself now.
  You may currently think, "oh, I'm too spooky.
"  Or, "nobody wants to see these tiny boobies.
"  But believe me, one day you will look at those photos,  with much kinder eyes and say,  "dear God, I was a beautiful thing!"  Will I? Mhmm.
  Oh, and make sure you submit those photos to the Internet.
  Otherwise, your own children will go looking for them one day  and tragically, they won't be there.
  Okay, so how much money do you need?  And please keep in mind that  I had a negative balance in there last week.
  Yeah, whatever you can spare.
  You know, a couple hundred, three  Four Okay, how much do you actually need, though?  $560.
00  so my entire paycheck, then.
  Okay.
  What just happened? I don't know.
  It says there's an error with your pin.
  I can see that! I can see that! All right.
  All right, calm down, calm down.
 I can see that!  You only get a few chances here.
  I just must've typed in the pin number wrong.
  It's actually just "pin," you don't have to say,  "pin number," that's redundant.
  Okay, okay, wow, are you doing this right now?!  Sorry, sorry, sorry, go ahead.
  (Buttons beep)  (Whirs)  What is going on?!  All right, first of all, just stop for one second,  because you've only got one more chance at this, all right?  So focus on the numbers!  I know my number!  It's the same pin number that I've had for years!  The same "pin!"  Okay, can you just take a take a big step!  Thank you so much!  All right, remember, this is your last chance!  Arghhh!  (Button beep)  (Machine beeps)  What just happened? Well, it ate my card.
  Well, press eject! There's no eject on this machine!  Well, what this? There's eject.
  That's "cancel," that doesn't do anything!  All right, press the green one!  I'm pressing "cancel," Okay, nothing happens!  Well, press something else! What do you want me to do?!  Get the card back! We can't get the card back!  Why? (Tapping)  Wow!  So I was able to retrieve it,  and it looks like this is a new card.
  Thank you, yeah, it is a new card.
  Did you use the proper pin?  Yeah, that's what I asked him.
  Of course I used the proper pin.
  I know my pin number, it's my birthday.
  Happy Birthday!  No, the pin number is my birthday.
  He keeps saying pin number.
  Did you start with the temporary pin that we sent you?  What? What temporary pin?  Ah, see? No "see!"  None of that, listen!  I phoned someone here, a teller, I think,  who told me that I didn't need a temporary pin number!  Oh, which teller?  Because it's only me and Carol here.
  It was a while ago.
  It says the account was opened last week.
  Okay, I just need to take out some money for my dad.
  Um, because my family is in debt.
  So if you could help me help him,  that would be a wonderful thing.
  Of course, I just need you to pick a new pin.
  Okay.
  It's 7-2-8-3.
  Sir, you just said your pin out loud.
  So I suggest you pick another one.
  What about my birthday? No!  It's easy.
 It's not easy.
  Nothing's easy about this.
  (Sighs) Okay, where what?  I never saw myself having like, a normal job.
  But I think it's gonna be kinda nice to make money and stuff,  and like, help out a bit more.
  You're working for your ex.
  David, Ted wouldn't have hired me  if he thought it was a bad idea!  Ted also proposed to you twice,  so I'd say Ted's decision making skills  are a little suspect.
  Okay, well I will have you know  that I went through the same interview process  as everybody else.
  He asked me several questions, most of which I answered.
  Oh my God!  Well kids, you'll never guess what I just found outside.
  My button! (Laughs)  Things are looking up!  Alexis: I have something for you.
  Oh, Alexis, you didn't have to do this.
  Open it.
  Oh, honey.
  "My deepest condolences?"  "I know things have been tough lately,  but I'm here for you, and hope this helps.
  Love, Alexis.
"  (Card and envelope rustle)  Was there supposed to be something in here?  In where?  In the card?  What do you mean?  Oh, it's just the card.
  Yeah, I thought you could use some support.
  So Ohhh!  (Alexis giggles) Wow!  That was really beautiful.
  And very generous.
  Thank you.
 Both my kids are generous.
  And I'm one very grateful dad.
  Very grateful.
  Awww!  Bring it in, big guy.
  Yeah, I don't know if that's something I wanna do right now.
  David, Dad's poor right now!  He's not poor anymore!  Because someone gave him more than a cheap card!  Okay, okay, that's enough.
 Okay.
 Oh.
  Moira: What's-what's this about?  I was just uh hugging my kids.
  Why?  I found my button.
 Alexis got a job.
  Alexis got a job! Yeah.
  Alexis? Oh, how wonderful! Yeah!  Wow Alexis, look at you!  Just starting out on a shiny new future!  Whew! Okay, good night, kids.
  I'm gonna get changed.
  Okay, sure.
  You know, all things considered Moira  I'd say we have a couple of pretty great kids.
  Mhmm.
  They say it's through our children that we stay young.
  But I haven't seen much effort on their part.
  You're still thinking about those photos.
  Oh, I can't help it, John.
  The last traces of my juvenescence vanished  into thin air.
  Well, perhaps they're not the last traces.
  What does that mean?  Why don't you look in my folio?  Inside pocket.
  (Gasps) Oh, you dirty dog!  Well, what can I say?  When did you take this?  Greece, 1987.
  Oh, I loved those earrings.
  And that skin.
  And that hair.
  I'm no Avedon honey,  but I would say you still look pretty spectacular.
  And that's all that counts.
  (Kiss)  Now how do I get this on the Internet? John!      

                




                    			1 Morning! Hey! How are you?  Oh! Good morning!  Hi.
 Oh, just continue on inside.
  Well, I hope we didn't catch the two of you  with your pants down.
  Oh I'm just joking, I can see they're on.
  No, we actually listened outside to make sure.
  We just brought some leftovers by.
  We had a little thing at the house last night  and we didn't want all the food to go to waste, so.
  Yeah, and you know what?  We would have invited the two of you  but it was kind of a Political schmooze-fest.
  A lot of pressing of the flesh, and greasing palms,  that kind of thing, you know.
  It wasn't as much fun as it sounds.
  Oh well, who wants an invitation to big soiree  when you can be met the very next morning  with some table scraps.
  You know, people were talking about you too, Moira.
  Oh, they were talking about the other candidate?  Yes!  You know, I can't wait for this whole thing to just be over  so we can all just hang out again.
  Yeah, yeah Mm-hmm.
  Well, we are off to the bank.
  We've got lots of donations that we need to deposit.
  Well, thank you.
 Bye! Bye!  Those two are not as simple minded as we thought.
  He is.
   David, Ted said that I had to wear scrubs,  but what does that mean really?  Um, I think it means you have to wear scrubs.
  Ugh.
 I know but look at me.
  You look amazing.
  Who designs these things?!  Whatever happened to empowering women's sexuality?  I don't think sex appeal  is the guiding principle behind nursing uniforms.
  Obviously you've never been out for Halloween, David.
  So are you nervous?  This is like the first job you've ever had.
  No it isn't.
  Putting your name on a line of edible nail polish  isn't what I would call having a job.
  I was very hands on, David.
  I came up with all the flavours by myself.
  Even the one that poisoned all those people?  David, the factory in Guangzhou assured us  that it was lead-free.
 Ugh!  Anyway, I'm actually really looking forward to this.
  You look like a stick of gum.
  Like what? David!  Well how much did she take?  Um, I'm gonna go get a latte.
 Do you need anything?  She's an IT manager, Gerald.
  She makes more money than both of us combined.
  I shouldn't be worrying about these things.
  I would love a hot tea.
  Okay.
 Um  Is everything okay?  Yup.
 Just chatting.
  Listen, let me give you some cash for that.
  I don't think that expense card is long for this world.
  Mm, okay.
 It's just I have, um,  four more taxidermy peacocks coming this afternoon.
  Oh, I can pay cash for those.
 That's fine.
  Don't answer that.
  It's either Gerald or the school  and I can't deal with either right now.
  Okay.
 Um, this is really intense,  so I'm gonna go get that tea.
  You're a doll.
 You're a doll!  Hey! Sorry I'm a bit late.
  Um, I wasn't sure what the etiquette was  for this kind of thing,  so I walked around the block a little bit.
  Oh, you can show up early, or on time.
  Early is probably even better.
  Okay, great.
  Alexis, you wanted to be treated professionally,  so I have to ask,  where are the rest of your scrubs?  Oh.
 I thought this was kind of an either/or thing.
  No, they come as a set.
 That's why I gave you both.
  Those bare legs are dangerous.
  Ted!  No, I'm serious.
  The animals carry bugs or ticks  that can burrow into your bare skin.
  Ew!  Don't worry, we'll just have you focus on filing for today.
  Um, okay.
 Awesome!  Thank you.
 So many files!  I'll just dive right into this.
  You won't even miss your last secretary  once I get finished with these puppies.
  Good news!  I found you a loaner pair.
 Helen must have left them.
  Phew.
  Thank you, Ted.
 Those are just perfect.
  Hello!  Ronnie! Hello you! You're looking well today!  New khakis I see.
  Are you enjoying your coffee?  I was.
  I'm going to presume you were at Jocelyn's thing last night.
  How was that?  Good.
 Lots of dairy.
 Oh, yes.
  If anyone knows how to put a lactose intolerant in the hospital,  it's our Jocelyn.
  Moira, is there something I can do for you?  Yes, thank you!  Ronnie, I was wondering whether or not  you have decided on a candidate to endorse?  Not yet.
 Oh! Good.
  Why is that good?  I'm hoping I might persuade you  to put your weight behind me.
  Political weight.
  I now realize 'clout' was the word I was looking for.
  What makes you think I'd vote for you?  You are a sensible woman, Ronnie,  and you speak your mind.
  I-i can feel your frustration with Roland.
  Now imagine his wife on council,  strengthening his agenda  And? And, were I on council,  I could support your agenda.
  We could support each other's agendas.
  Well, I don't hate what you're saying,  so here's what I'm gonna do.
  I'm gonna invite some of my girl friends over  and if you can get on the good side of these women,  let's just say you'd be locking down a key demographic.
  It's a date.
  No.
 No, it's not.
 I wouldn't call it that.
  No, i-i didn't I didn't mean  Uh! Just No, I  Thank you.
 Okay.
  Thank you, Ronnie.
  Um, Doris, that is so exciting!  Love him for you!  I don't know.
 I mean, poor Albert's allergic to cats.
  But I can't leave Mittens alone.
  So how do I spend time with Albert?  Veterinary clinic, how can I help you?  Can I put you on hold?  Okay, so if there's one thing I learned,  is that when it comes to love  you cannot let little things get in your way.
  Like I once dated this sultan's nephew  who was forbidden to talk to me or even to look at me  and we made it work for like half a regime change, so  You what? I know.
  Uh, Alexis, Yes.
  Can I talk to you for a second? Yeah.
  We're gonna put this on pause.
 The doctor needs me.
  Yes?  So how's the filing coming?  I have been swamped.
  Doris's cat is like totally high maintenance.
  Yeah, well, Doris has been worried about her cat  for two years.
 She comes in every week.
  Okay, well, what am I supposed to do?  Poor thing is like desperate for a man.
  And, uh, why are there three calls on hold?  Um I don't know, someone hung up?  Okay, Alexis, there is more to the job  than just keeping the customers happy, all right?  This is a place of business and right now,  there are clients waiting to talk to me.
  Are you sure that you're cut out for this?  Mm.
 Okay.
  'Kay.
  Well, look, I-I can't talk about this now,  I have to go.
  I just wanted to let you know  that we just sold one of the leather ponchos.
  Oh, we're selling leather ponchos now?  Well, that doesn't sound cheap.
  No, it's not, which is why it's so exciting  that we just sold one.
  That's fabulous, David.
 It is.
  Um, so I was gonna go,  unless needed me for something else.
  That was Gerald and  now I have a meeting at the school tomorrow  and I've got no one to take care of my stepdaughter.
  His ex-wife certainly won't do it.
  Wow well, if there's anything I can do, just  I need someone to take care of my stepdaughter.
  Okay.
 Well, if there's anything I can do, just  I need you to take care of my stepdaughter.
  'Kay, I don't think that's a very good idea.
  I'm gonna drop her off at four.
  I'm looking forward to it.
  You're a doll.
  I brought you some trail mix, but I spilled it in my purse.
  So sweet of you, Doris.
 Thank you.
  Hey, I was thinking about what you said yesterday  and, um, I think Now is not a good time.
  Okay.
 Um how are things with Mittens?  Uh he-he's dead.
  Ew!  I'm just trying to figure out what happened, all right?  Okay.
 Um, well, what am I supposed to tell Doris?  Don't say anything to her.
  Just keep her company while I figure this out, okay?  Okay, so I'm just supposed to act like nothing happened?  Yeah, for now.
 Okay.
  Um, how am I supposed to do that?  Alexis.
 Okay.
  Yeah.
 'Kay.
  Hi!  Um do you have any like DVDs  or like a dusty old board game I could borrow?  Oh, usually we reserve those for our platinum members.
  Mhmm.
  Oh, but I do have a Rummoli box  filled with puzzle pieces on the shelf there.
  Sounds like something you'd find at a serial killer's house.
  Hmm.
 Big night planned?  Um, I am babysitting tonight, so  You're joking.
  Mm-mm.
 I wish I was joking.
  But you hate kids.
  Mm-hmm.
 That's correct.
  Oh my God.
 Can I watch? No.
  Or video tape? No, you no.
  Can I bring friends? No.
  My boss's life is a bit of a mess right now,  so I said I'd help out by babysitting her stepdaughter.
  And you're sure you can do this on your own?  Mm-hmm.
  Um, 'cause I'm a fully capable human being.
  Um, if you happen to find any Xanax  Lying around anywhere,  can you just Let me know about that?  I-I think I might just pick up these treats while I wait.
  Oh um, yeah, no, um  But these treats are actually gonna go on sale next week,  so maybe you just wanna hold off until then?  Well, I think he'd really like them.
  Yeah  I'm sure he would really like them  If he wasn't dead.
  What? Yeah, he's dead.
  But! But the good news is, you're not.
  Mittens is dead?  Yeah.
 But um  But you're free, Doris, and, in a way, so is Mittens.
  Oh.
 What happened? We're not sure yet,  but I think that the important thing  is that Mittens is no longer suffering.
  Oh, what do I do now?  Do I put him in a box? Bury him?  Ew! No, we don't have to talk about that right now, okay?  I know this is hard.
  But, um, the upside, um  The upside Oh! Is that Albert from the down the hall  can now come over for dinner  without worrying about his allergies threatening his life.
  Hey.
 I think it's time that we find you  a new love of your life.
  It's okay.
    John, wait.
 I didn't tell you earlier  because I didn't want you to back out on me,  but you're going to be the only man here this evening.
  Well, I think I can handle that.
  Mm-hmm? Ronnie told me that her friends  represent a key demographic  and I don't believe it's women with husbands.
  Oh Mm-hmm.
  I feel really good about this,  and I think you just approach these women  like you did Paula, our landscaper.
  Very strong, very forceful.
  Oh! Hello, Ronnie.
  Hi.
 Hello.
  Come in both of you.
  We're counting down the top 100 hottest stars in Hollywood.
  From this Canadian  Has that actress had work done too?  Um, yeah, you can always tell  because their upper lip sort of  I mean, like, puffs a bit.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Do you want more coffee?  Yes, please.
  Okay, so we've run out of sugar.
  Um, do you want it still because I don't really.
  This star has everyone wondering  How will that face turn out?  Well, folks, take a look at her now!  You okay?  I'm fine  Are you sure? Something happened.
  What?!  Nothing.
 Just d-don't look on the bed.
  The self-described tom-boy   Has become a  serious star on the rise,  which is why we've named her number  It's okay! On our hot list!  Needless to say, that was the last time  I played charades with Fran Leibovitz.
  Oh, this is wonderful.
 Wonderful!  And I would love to regale you all night  with entertaining anecdotes, but I would be remiss  if I didn't outline some of my policies  for this community of remarkable women.
  Moira, could I have a word?  Excuse us, ladies.
 Family matter.
  I knew I should've left him home with the sitter.
  Moira, I have a feeling not every woman here is a lesbian.
  Oh, John, you love to think women are flirting with you.
  No, I was just talking someone over there  who has a husband.
 A male husband.
  Everything all right?  Yes.
 Ronnie,  when mentioned earlier that I might lock down  a key demographic this evening, you meant what?  Entrepreneurs.
  Everyone here is a member of the women's business association.
  Oh.
 Business association.
  Yes, that's what I  I think we're all ready when you are.
  All I'm missing is my teleprompter!  Business association.
 Yes, I heard her.
  Oh God.
  You know, I have to say that I'm impressed.
  It's not everyone who can tell an old woman  that her cat is dead, and set up a love connection,  and sell our most expensive marble urn  in the same three-minute conversation.
  Well, I'm not totally sure about the love connection.
  I'm still waiting for Doris to text me back.
  Right.
 So.
  Uh, was there something that you wanted to say to me?  What? Uh, just earlier,  it seemed like you were trying to tell me something.
  Oh! No, I think it was about, um, vacation days.
  Ah.
 Yeah, you had mentioned two weeks.
  So I guess I was just wondering,  um, how many two-week vacations are available per year?  Well, tell you what, why don't we start with one  and then we'll just go from there.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
 That could work.
  Great.
 Great.
  Honestly? Nothing is more natural  Um, aside from maybe the thread count in these sheets,  but that's okay! 'Cause you're a woman now!  Um, and nothing about that is embarrassing.
  I'm not embarrassed, I'm scared!  I mean, you were talking so much  about your high thread count linens  Yeah.
 Well, I think it's gonna come out.
  And how they were made by Egyptians or something?  No, I'm well aware of that.
 Um, so  So, uh, I think my sister has some wonderful products  in there for you.
  Uh, health accessories,  so feel free to help yourself to those.
  Um okay.
  Uh  So you can just tie that around your waist, okay?  Yeah, thank you.
  Mmm okay.
  Equality.
 Freedom.
 Marriage.
  These are the rights of every community,  and even more specifically The business community.
  No faction of society deserves to be discriminated against,  especially women who Are in business faction.
  One of my top priorities will be to  To change people's misguided  and ignorant perceptions of women like you.
  You did not choose this life!  No, each one of you was born to be an entrepreneur.
  Why don't I open up the floor to some of your concerns?  I want to elect someone who understands the pressures  of working and raising a family.
  Very nice, yes.
 I love that.
  Working and ? Raising a family.
  And raising a family.
  Well, John, my husband will back me up on this,  I had a six-and-a-half season career  as an actress in television, which I put on hold  to devote all my time and energy  to raise two million dollars for charity.
  And two children.
  Oh, yes, and two children.
  Hmm? And on top of that, I managed a staff of twelve.
  You ran your own business?  Household staff, yes.
  Ronnie says you've only lived here a year?  That's true, Ronnie, thank you,  but I am a quick study.
  Karen, I learned tonight that you run a gravel business, yes,  and you, Audrey, you manage a team of accountants,  and you, Tara,  you're very concerned about your inverted nipples.
  Which I assumed was public domain;  there were a lot of you around when she told.
  Well, ladies, I'm-I'm not that different from any of you.
  I had my first job at the age of ten,  sweeping up hair in a beauty salon.
  I will never forget the value of a hard day's work.
  Believe me when I tell you, if elected,  I will put just as much work into my time on council  as you women put into your businesses every day.
  Oh, being in business myself,  I've attended quite a few of these functions,  and this one was quite the success.
  Yeah, I think your wife's gonna do okay.
  Well, she pulled it off, didn't she?  Considering she came in well, we both did  thinking everyone was Black?  No.
 I mean that everyone was leaning  Younger? John, we should go.
  No, what I mean is that, uh,  that I am very comfortable seeing women with other women.
  Uh-huh.
 Yeah, that didn't come out right.
 I  M-Moira and I have been very, very supportive  of the LGBTQ community.
  Oh, John John.
 For  Did I leave out a letter?  Thank you so much, Ronnie.
  I love your friends and I really loved that dip.
  Oh, the dip was incredible, really, for men and women.
  That's good night.
      

                




                    			1 (Crickets chirp)  (Moira) Oh, there's a woman in here  Who couldn't afford a Persian rug, so she painted one on her tiled floor.
  The magazine is celebrating her ingenuity!  Well, it sounds like a creative solution.
  A creative solution would be a lobotomy  to make one forget they like nice things.
  It's all so bleak.
  Goodnight, John.
  Sleep well, sweetheart.
  ("Don't Cry Out loud" by Melissa Manchester plays loudly)  Just keep it inside   David, could you turn that down, please?  (David) As if you think that's what I listen to!  David, Alexis, turn the music down!  It's coming from the other side! What?  We almost had it all      Don't cry out loud  (Banging)  Could you turn the music down, please?!  Just keep it inside   And learn how to hide your feelings   (Pounding)  Hello?! We're trying to sleep in here!  (Alexis) Stop yelling!  I'm trying to turn the music down!  (David) Stop banging on the wall!  David, stop yelling at your father!  (Pounding)  Hello?!  (Alexis) Why is everybody screaming?!  Alexis, enough!  The music's too loud!  (David) Then get them to turn it down!  Well, that's what I'm trying to do!  (Anguished scream)   (Birds chirp)  (Moira sighs)  (Sighs again)  (Sighs yet again)  John.
  John!  John, do you have any idea what a terrible night's sleep  does to one's face?  What, you couldn't sleep?  How could I sleep with that noise?!  What noise? They turned it off.
  No, you you just fell asleep,  and stayed asleep with no regard for my well being.
  Now my eyes are puffy.
 Are they puffy?  No, they look like they usually look, Moira.
  So now my eyes are usually puffy!  Oh Moira, they're fine!  These bags are like gypsy caravans, packed to the brim!  Don't cry out loud   Oh my God, this can't be happening.
  All right, I'll take care of it.
  Learn how to hide your feelings    Fly high and proud  (Pounding)  Could you turn the music down, please?!  My wife hasn't slept all night!  (Music stops abruptly)  Oh! Hey, Johnny.
  Roland! Hey, uh  Yeah.
 What are you doing here?  Well, we're, uh, doing some renos on the uh, house,  so we're gonna shack up here until they're all done.
  Um honey, don't hog all the hot water, okay?  Thank you.
 Jocelyn's here?  Y-yeah, no, Johnny's here.
  Yeah, yes, I will say hi to him for you.
  Jocelyn says hi, John.
  You didn't hear us last night?  Nope.
 Banging away?  Now, whatever you and the missus do after hours,  that's your business, not mine.
  On the walls Roland, with our fists!  And if you're into that kind of stuff, that doesn't bother me at all.
  All right, stop, stop! That is fine.
 What?  Stop it! What are you doing here?! Oh!  I told you, our basement flooded.
  You said "renovations.
"  Yes renovations, because our basement flooded!  What? Yes, you're absolutely right, honey,  it is time that we asked Johnny to leave.
  So Johnny, I think you should  Is Jocelyn really there?  (Laughs wildly) Did you hear that, sweetheart?  He doesn't think you're really here.
 Would you please tell him?  Thank you! Satisfied? Jocelyn?  Okay look, Johnny, unless you have a warrant, okay?  Jocelyn and I are gonna be shutting our door now.
  Jocelyn? Okay, that's fine.
  So you think Jocelyn's at the root of this?  Yeah well, I think obviously they they they they had a  they had a fight, Moira.
  You know, I just don't know how she puts up with him.
  And now he's living next door.
  I've never pretended to like this motel,  but at least it provided a buffer between us,  and those people! Yeah  How long do you think he'll be here?  Well, I hate to think.
  Oh God, this is the last thing we need, John.
  We're barely hanging on as it is!  Well, what does that mean, Moira? "We're barely hanging on?!"  I mean living in a space this limited, is trying enough on a marriage  without having Roland wallowing next door.
  This is going to bring us to a breaking point!  Oh Moira, it's not gonna bring us to the breaking point.
  I think we've done an amazing job since we've been here.
  I mean, I barely remember an argument between us!  That's my point.
  In a room this tiny, we've just got to ignore  the little irritants of the other, or you'd go insane!  Little irritants? What uh  What little irritants? I have little irritants?  Yes, we all do.
  Peccadilloes, cloying habits.
  Like what, for instance?  All right, John.
 I  I drink a little too much tea sometimes.
  And that's it for you? You uh  You drink tea?  Well, it calms me, so I suppose you would say  that's because I'm inclined to get nervous or insecure.
  No, I would say you're sometimes a little defensive,  and uh, perhaps a tad paranoid.
  That would only be after you've taken that condescending father tone with me.
  Father tone? There it is.
  You think I have a father tone?  John, I wish you could hear yourself talk.
 But of course you never do.
  And that's the other thing I guess, I never listen to myself?  (Sighs) Look, it's by not engaging in this kind of tit-for-tat  that we keep our marriage afloat.
  And you have no faults, other than drinking tea?!  John, I just admitted that I can get a little defensive.
  But only when you act like a big child!  I act like a child?  Yes John, and now is not the time for you to throw one of your tantrums!  Moira, of the two of us,  I'm not the one who throws tantrums!  I will not engage.
  I do not want to see him get the better of us.
  And I'm sorry, obviously this has worked you up  into some kind of fit of pique.
  Okay, you know what?  I need some air.
  That's another thing Mr.
 Rose, you never finish your fights.
  Oh, this one's finished!  (Door slams)  (Birds chirp)  Stevie, you look like you would know about affordable housing.
 Is this legit?  Uh it's an ad for an apartment.
  I know, it's cute though, right?  I wouldn't really describe any apartment as cute in this town.
  (Door closes)  Hi  Um, hi.
  There's a collection of undershirts  hang drying outside of my room.
  Um, is there any way they could be removed,  or is there like, a Texas Chainsaw movie  being filmed out there that I'm not aware of?  Actually, Roland is staying here for a few days.
  Ew.
 That's disgusting.
  What's going on over here? Let me see that.
  What is this?  "Charming studio apartment for rent in lower SC.
"  What's "lower SC?" I thought this town was just one long street.
  I am thinking about getting a place.
  I have some money coming in, and it's just  It's not really a cute look to be this age, and live at home.
  No offense, David.
  Okay, it's not like I have a lot of say in the matter.
  M'kay well, you're a full grown man,  who's much older than me, Hmmm.
  living at home.
 So it's just a little Mm-hmm.
  bit embarrassing.
 Mmm, "available immediately.
"  I wonder if you could move out tonight?  Uh no, because I'm gonna be using my half of the room as a guest bedroom.
  Ooh, better yet, you could sublet it.
  I'm sure there's plenty of vagrants looking for temporary housing.
  Speaking of which, David, I'm gonna need you to come  and look at the apartment with me.
  (Imitating Alexis) Okay, why would I do that?  Because David, as an attractive, single female,  I don't feel comfortable going to look at an apartment by myself!  Well, what if the person who's showing you the apartment  is like, a super cute single real estate guy?  Mmmm that person doesn't exist in this town.
  Okay, well, if that's the case, then David, you have to come with me.
  And if I like the place,  then you can have the whole motel room to yourself, okay?  Okay.
  She's nuts.
 Um, if you could  just figure out the undershirt  situation, there's just so many of them, and it's a lot for me.
  Bye! You know, for my eyes.
  Mm-hmm.
  (Truck rumbles)  (Johnny sighs heavily)  Hey, Johnny.
 Oh, Jocelyn.
 Hi.
  How are you? Fine, thank you.
  Really? Yes.
  I couldn't help but notice that you seemed a little  sad sack-y today.
  Sad sack-y?  Well, maybe that's because your husband is  occupying the room next to us at the motel.
  I thought he might end up there.
  That's where we had our honeymoon.
  Had a lot of great times in that room.
  I don't think this is one of them.
  He was playing "Don't Cry Out Loud",  loud at two in the morning.
  I'm so sorry.
 (Laughs)  It's our wedding song.
  It was actually the first song that we ever made  Okay, I really don't need the details on that.
  Listen, I would ask you to sit,  but I I am not Absolutely, yes!  So  you two are Yeah.
  going through a little bit of a thing? Had a tiff, and uh,  I just said, I need some space.
  Well, I'm glad you have your space,  and I'm glad Roland has his space,  I'll tell you who's now having a major problem  with their space.
 Okay, Johnny.
  Sometimes it's a lot easier to blame others  than it is to maybe kinda turn it inwards  on ourselves, isn't it?  Meaning  Well, it's kinda obvious that you and Moira are a little bit rocky right now.
  No, no, things are not rocky.
  Things are not rocky, and if they are, it's because your husband  is driving us insane! So you're telling me that  there are no issues  between you two right now? No! No! No issues.
  Well, by "issues," if you mean p-peccadilloes,  if you mean little irritants.
 Mmmm.
  Maybe.
  Uh-huh.
 But uh no, we're  we're good.
 Good.
  Err, right this way.
  As you can see, it's light and breezy.
  And by breezy, I mean there's a slight but steady draft  I'm told you only notice in the winter.
  This is so cute for me.
  (Ray) Oh, and there's a lovely window here  through which you can see all of the town.
  The cafe, the garage,  a tree of some kind just uh, over there.
  This is cute, right?  I think this is super cute.
  Wait, is it cute?  'Cause I know that it's light, and spacious, and  airy in here, but I just wasn't sure if it was cute.
  Oh, it's cute.
  Are these original moldings?  Yes, but we can rip those out.
  Okay well, I'm the one that should be asking the questions.
  Okay, be my guest.
  Okay, so  When does um  Is this a functioning fireplace?  Yes, we found an incinerated squirrel carcass there last week.
  Ah.
 Um, what are you doing, David?  You wanted my help, so I'm helping.
  Mm, okay.
  What's the rent?  Uh, they want $275, but I think they're dreaming.
  A week? No, no, no, a month.
  But again, I think we can talk them down.
  Wait, $275 a month for this? That's cheaper than my P.
O.
 Box in New York.
  Do you think I should take it?  Well, I mean, it is it is very old.
  I think that I would like to see the lease agreement.
  I thought you'd never ask!  (Ray and Alexis laugh)  Ugh, you know, it actually kind of reminds me of your old um  office space that you had in the West Village.
  Mm-hmm.
 Remember?  Yep! So cute.
  (Jocelyn) You know what I think brought all this on? That darn election!  It's really hard on couples.
 I mean, don't get me wrong,  I really appreciate how involved Roland wants to be  in my campaign, it's just that sometimes,  he can be sooo  Irritating? Obnoxious? No.
 I was gonna say sensitive.
  Oh, sensitive.
 Especially when I wanna  do something on my own.
  Ohhh! Do you really think he's obnoxious and irritating?  No! No, no, no, I was just trying to imagine  what you know, you were feeling, no.
 Well, I feel frustrated a lot.
  You know, you try to have a rational conversation with him,  and he just gets all like, stubborn and selfish.
  And then he acts like you're the one behaving like  a child! Right? Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly!  Words get get used, and twisted around,  and yet, he uses that against you.
  Yes, that is so Roland! And you get the reputation  for being hot-headed, and he gets to push every button he can!  You are so right!  You know, I thought that I might be ready to forgive him,  but I think he needs a couple more nights at that motel.
  But, on the other hand  maybe it's through your forgiveness that you teach him a lesson.
  Right, and and the sooner you forgive him,  then then the better it's gonna be for for you.
   Don't cry out loud  (Knocking) Roland!  (Knocking) Roland!  (Roland) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Oh! Moira, this isn't a good time, um  Jocelyn and I are about to make brunch.
  You can give up the act.
  You and I need to talk.
  (Groans)  Close the door honey, will you? You're lettin' my flies out.
  (Groans)  Ugh! It's time for you to go home and apologize.
  Oh, okay.
  I'll do that.
 Um  Just one question.
 Where's Johnny?  I imagine he's at work.
  'Cause he seemed pretty angry this morning.
  I don't know, maybe you need to go home and apologize.
  (Laughs)  Sorry sweetheart, these walls are pretty thin.
  Oh yes, I know.
  The only reason John and I had words is because we were exhausted,  from being kept up all night! Mmm.
  It seems someone in the motel was playing loud music until 4 A.
M.
!  I'm sorry, are you complaining about the quality  of the free lodging that I arranged for you this past year?  I think we're very courteous guests, Roland,  and have tried to contribute to this town,  in whatever way we could.
  This town, which is quite frankly, woefully mismanaged.
  Oh, ugh, ew! I hate that!  Eww! That is just the kind of arrogance that I can't stand!  You come in here, and you think you know everything!  Oooh! Ohhhh!  No, but I think if I was in your position, I would be open to new ideas.
  Oh! (Laughs) Right! Of course you would.
  I would! Sure.
 Hah! Yeah.
 Mmmm  (Imitating Moira) Hello, everyone! I'm Moira Rose, and I know famous people,  so I really can't talk to the common folk.
  Excuse me all, coming through!  So I'm assuming this place comes fully furnished?  (Ray laughs)  No, this is all completely staged.
  Hmm, it must be very expensive to furnish a place like this.
  Ah, not really if you get it second hand.
  Or uh, maybe you get up early on Tuesdays,  which is garbage day, and find a discarded couch or sofa.
  Mm-hmm, um well, you know what, I don't even really need that much stuff.
  I kinda like the minimalist look anyway, so.
  (David) It's very quiet in here, Ray, it's like, alarmingly quiet.
  The apartment was soundproofed by the previous owner.
  But the irony is the people next door are completely deaf,  so you could literally scream for hours, and no one would hear you.
  (False scream, laughs)  Did you hear that?  You could scream for hours, and no one would hear you.
  Okay well, think about how much fun that will be for parties, David.
  Um, and what about parking?  Okay, you don't you don't even have a car!  Oh my god, if you want the place so badly, David,  why don't you just say it?! Who says I want it?  So you don't want it?  No.
 So if I said that  I didn't want the place, you wouldn't you wouldn't want it?  Okay, so you don't want the place? Okay, I'm just trying to figure out if  you want the place! Oh, okay, okay.
  I think I know what all the hesitation is about.
  Yes, someone did take their own life in this space,  but the good news is, we've replaced the ceiling fan,  it's now a break-away model.
  And to answer your question, yes, there is parking.
  Uh, oh, and they also allow cats.
  (David clears his throat)  Oh? Oh? You wanna drop the gloves? Let's drop the gloves, Roland.
  You are an emotionally stunted, self absorbed man-child.
  You lord this counterfeit power of yours  over others like a schoolyard bully!  Okay, well you're a phony baloney blowhard,  who's desperately scared of being thought of as a regular person!  I used to be a regular person!  You're just a stuck up pencil skirt with clown makeup,  and a janitor's mop on your head!  You are an inexplicably cocky imbecile!  Your marriage is as blighted as this town,  and you have no one to blame but yourself!  Whoa Oh.
  Well, hold on.
 I went too far.
  Yeah.
 Well  Well, I mean, come on.
 In the spirit of things.
  Yeah but still, that was kind of  over the line.
  (Roland sighs) I like Jocelyn,  And I know you two have a very special relationship.
  Well, we I mean, we have our differences.
  Oh God, who doesn't?  I was I was just riffing.
    (Door opens)  (Door closes softly)  (Footsteps thud lightly)  (Sighs)  John?  Oh sweetheart, I didn't mean to wake you.
  Don't hear any music next door.
  No, I think he tuckered himself out.
  Oh, well, that's good, that's good.
  I suppose he just needed to spout off for a while.
  Yeah well, Jocelyn will be glad to hear that.
  She just came to pick him up.
  Really? Yeah.
  I think she just needed some alone time,  you know, to clear her head.
  That's understandable.
  Hmm.
  It's unfortunate they can't communicate those needs to each other.
  Yeah well, they don't have what we have.
  I can't argue with that.
  Don't cry out loud   I thought you said Jocelyn came back to make up!  She did!  That happens to be their wedding song.
  (Crickets chirp)  Just admit that you wanted the place.
  I was just asking questions  to help you make the right decision.
  Well, you're a terrible liar, David.
  It's a pretty good deal, though.
  (Scoffs) Seriously though, would you wanna live in a house  where someone killed themselves?  I could almost guarantee you  that someone's killed themselves in this room.
  Ew, David!  Okay, good night.
 Good night.
  Ugh!  (David sighs)  You know, sometimes at night, I see things.
  Oh my God, David!  Yeah, yeah.
 Like  dark things.
  Like sometimes there's this old woman that paces back and forth  by your bed, waving her hands over your face.
  I don't think her bony fingers ever touch your mouth, though.
  (Gasps)  Mom?  Do you ever wake up with chapped lips?  (Inhales and exhales)  Dad!  (Whispers) Dad's dead.
  Ohh, you're such a dick, David!  (Groaning, choking noise)  Stop!   This is the number that we are after.
 (clicks tongue)  (scoffs)  Now if you'll excuse us, we have another meeting to get to.
  We're in our store.
  We await your reply.
     

                




                    			1 John! Oh, I was starting to think  I've been hijacked.
  What? My campaign has been hijacked.
  Oh, I need some tea.
 Twyla?  What's going on?  Tea? No thank you.
  Ugh! My campaign signs have gone missing.
  What? You had election signs?  Yes! All of them! Gone! Wow.
  Maybe people were mowing their lawns.
  Well, it's probably just kids.
  What if there's a more sinister explanation?  Oh, like the wind.
  I was wondering if there's someone who's thinking,  "Oh, this woman may not have many signs,  but she has myriad qualities worth voting for.
  I must stop her!"  So you think the signs were stolen?  Stolen? Ew!  Is that what you think happened?  Well, isn't that what you were implying?  Who would do that? Well, I don't know.
 It's dirty pool.
  You can't sabotage someone's campaign  and take their signs.
  Please, please, everyone calm down!  Well, I suppose if there's a silver lining in all this,  it's that  Someone is imitated enough into thinking  that I might be affecting this town's  long-established voting patterns.
   (Tapping)  (Cars rumble, tapping)  Johnny: Oh good.
 Good.
  Now the playing field is more fair.
  Yeah, I was worried Jocelyn didn't have enough signs up.
  Ah.
 You and me both, pal,  but, luckily, I'm a step ahead of ya.
  Okay, enough with the signs, Roland.
  It was overkill a week ago.
  Well, I don't know about you, Johnny,  but I would like my little lady to win this campaign.
  Oh! Well, funny you should mention,  because my little lady had all of her lawn signs disappear.
  Oh.
 Moira had lawn signs?  She had a few.
  Now she has none.
  Wait.
 Are you saying that I had something  I'm not pointing any fingers, Uh-huh.
  But if I find out you had anything to do with this,  even though you're acting like you don't  Well, if I find out that you're accusing me  of doing something I didn't do,  then I'm going to accuse you of making false accusations.
  Fine.
 But if you're denying doing something  you might have done  and making me feel guilty  For accusing you of something you claim you didn't do  Ooh, is that a threat?  I think so.
  Because I don't wanna tell you how I respond to threats.
  And I don't wanna tell you how I respond  to illegal political activity.
  Okay, fine, then don't.
  Fine, I won't.
  Maybe.
  Oh dear God.
 Yes.
  Mm-mm.
 Mm-mm.
  Well then, take it out of my savings account.
  Well, what about the air miles?  Can you put some of them towards the electricity bill?  Okay, this signage, is not really on brand.
  It's not ridiculous.
  Well, I'm not having this conversation either.
  (Phone clicks) Is everything okay?  David, to be honest,  I'm having a little trouble financially  and I'm gonna have to let you go.
  What? It seems I have overshot my budget  with the changes you've been implementing.
  Which is not your fault.
  You were my mistake, which I take full credit for.
  Okay, I thought you were liking  the changes I was making.
  We just sold another poncho yesterday.
  I still can't believe we even sold one.
  But that's not gonna help me when I am down to a Costco card  and a zoo membership.
  Okay.
 Well, is there anything I can do?  No, you've done enough already.
  Fortunately, I did gotten some good news.
  Apparently there is a Blouse Barn in Australia  and they are gonna pay me to use their name here.
  Can you believe it?  That there's another store called Blouse Barn? No.
  No, it's an entire chain.
  They're expanding into North America  and they are gonna pay me $10,000  just to cover the costs of renaming the store.
  Okay, so they're buying the name from you?  Well, it's more of a gesture actually.
  Apparently, I have been using the name without their permission.
  Okay, so this company is giving you $10,000 as a gesture  And to think I almost called this place "Blouse House.
"  Something seems really sketchy about this  and I'm not just saying that  because I have a hard time with Australians.
  Lotta drunks.
 Well, it's already happening.
  They're coming in this week,  they're bringing the paperwork  As your brand manager,  I feel like I need to be at that meeting.
  I don't know  At least let me talk to a few people before you decide.
  If there's one thing I've learned from "The Good Wife",  it's never accept a first offer.
  I I'm gonna just do that.
 Oh.
  (Brush bristles swish)  I have a question.
 Yes, your cologne is too strong.
  Okay, I just put it on  and it needs to breathe a bit, so  I came in here to ask  whether you knew anything about trademarking store names?  Yeah.
 We had to deal with that  from time to time at Rose Video.
  Uh-huh.
 And did anyone ever ask you to stop using the name?  No, but we went after other people for using it.
  I remember a-a "Rosie's Video" in Sao Paolo.
  That was a fun shakedown.
  Mm-hmm.
 Okay, well, say you owned Blouse Barn.
  Well, first of all, I'd never get into the clothing business  'cause the margins are terrible  Okay, let's pretend for a sec.
  And someone was offering you $10,000 to stop using the name  because there's another Blouse Barn in Australia  and they need the name.
  $10,000 to stop using the name "Blouse Barn?"  That's correct.
 I would take that in a second.
  It's a terrible name.
  Okay, but that's not Now at least with "Rose Video,"  it said what it was,  and the logo looked great on a golf shirt.
  Yeah, I'm just thinking if it's a big chain  and they want the name,  surely you should be able to get more for it.
  Yeah, but is worth going to court to fight it?  Oh, I don't think Wendy can afford that.
  She can't even afford me anymore, so  Wait a minute.
 You were fired?  Technically, I would say  I'm in a transition phase at the moment.
  This is terrible news.
  I thought you were turning that store around.
  All those big purchases, all that spending  Okay, let's just focus on the big picture,  which is helping the store.
  Well, if you wanna help the store,  I would tell your boss to take the deal.
  And then you and I are gonna sit down, update your resume,  and get you back into the workforce.
  Okay.
 Well, thank you so much for this.
  Um, it was entirely unhelpful, but thank you nevertheless.
  Well anytime, son.
  Moira: Oh, it's just so violating.
  How can one sleep knowing our streets are laden with thieves?  Ronnie: Well, I don't know about laden.
  I had a newspaper stolen once.
  Two days ago, we had someone break our window.
  They didn't take anything,  but they left a dead bird inside.
  That's kind of like my aunt.
  She has a ghost in her house that keeps leaving dimes everywhere.
  Look what's happened to us.
  These sign bandits have clearly created a culture of fear.
  If it helps at all, I'd be happy  to put one of your signs on my lawn.
  Th-that is if Jocelyn doesn't mind.
  Oh no, I'd put one on my lawn  if I wasn't worried about winning.
  (Laughs nervously)  I hope you know that I don't stand for dirty politics, Moira.
  Oh no, you mustn't beat yourself up.
  You have your own signs to worry about.
  All two hundred of them.
  Well we're here to sing, aren't we? So let's sing!  Well said! Let us focus on tomorrow's show  and not fan the flames of this provocative scandal  any more than is necessary.
  Sing ladies if you can.
  (Low hum of chatter) Ronnie: Let's do this.
  (Door opens and closes)  Hey.
  (Gasps) What're you shopping for?  I'm not shopping.
  Okay, well, I'm seeing a lot of women's tops,  so if there's a minimum amount for free shipping  can let me know before you order?  Okay, yeah, no, I'm I'm actually doing work, so.
  Mm Dad said that you got fired.
  I wasn't fired.
  I'm actually working so that I can stay employed.
  I have a big meeting with some lawyers  and I'm trying to make sure  they're not taking advantage of Wendy.
  Poor thing is a hot mess.
  Okay, I just really think you should stay out of it, David.
  You're not good under pressure.
  And you are? Um, I'm sorry.
 Were you picked up  by the South Korean Secret Police on New Year's?  I had to sweet talk the consulate's lawyer  to get me a passport before midnight.
  Okay, well this is a very different situation from that  and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be fine.
  (Keyboard keys clack)  (Loud thump) Did you or did you not have a subscription to Cosmo Girl  when you were 16 years old, David?  No.
  Okay, David, if you have to lie about something  you should breathe out while you answer  'cause it really just calms you down.
  Oh my God! I'm not being interrogated.
  This is a negotiation.
  I'm just trying to prepare you, okay?  'Cause they're gonna eat you alive in there.
  Okay.
 If you know so much about this,  why don't you come with me then?  Okay, well, I guess that just depends  on what's in Mom's closet.
  Why does that matter?  Well, I'm not gonna wear my own clothes  into the room, David.
  They're not scary enough.
  (Sighs heavily)  I know that we just met but if Prince Harry trusted me with his life,  then I think you can too.
  Well, I do feel better having a lawyer in the room.
  (Gasps) Oh my God, you're so cute.
  Um, I'm not a lawyer,  but I'm glad that my fashion pony is working.
  (Door creaks open)  Oh, hi.
 I'm Wendy Kurtz.
 Welcome to the Blouse Barn.
  Lisa Chung.
  I didn't realize there were gonna be more of us.
  We're her representation.
  David Rose.
  Angelica Bloomfield of Rose, Bloomfield and Glickman.
  Well, let's go to my office shall we?  Stevie: Oh, Mr.
 Rose! Johnny: Oh, hi Stevie.
  I found these.
 I thought Mrs.
 Rose might want 'em back.
  You found them?  Okay, look, I know we haven't always been ideal motel guests,  but taking my wife's signs?  Ah, no, I took out your garbage,  and these poked a hole in the bottom and fell out.
  So they're still in pretty good shape,  I thought she might want them back.
  Oh  Since she's been so worried about her signs  having been mysteriously stolen.
  Right, right.
  Well, I mean, I can see what must have happened here.
  She accidentally, uh, threw them out.
  That's one theory.
  Or someone stole them and hid them in our garbage  to try and sabotage Moira  to make it look like she's done something really crazy.
  That is definitely some food for thought.
  Yeah.
 Mm.
  Well, thank you, Stevie.
 Have a nice day.
  Thanks.
 I will.
  This shouldn't take long.
 The check.
  This should cover the cost of the signs, business cards  About the check.
 (Clears throat)  We had some questions about the amount.
  Well, you shouldn't.
  $10,000 is the amount we agreed upon.
  Well, that may be,  but some things have changed on our side,  and we want to discuss the  I think it's fine, David.
  From a legal standpoint,  there are lots of costs to consider.
  Mm-hmm.
 There are the signs and the business cards  I just mentioned those.
  Objection sustained.
  There is the travel, there are the meals,  there is the shipping and the catering  Which is very similar to the meals  and not necessarily relevant, so  'Kay.
 Well, the $10,000 doesn't even cover our legal fees, so  What? Don't worry about that.
  And if we're gonna announce a new name,  there has to be a whole relaunch event,  and that involves Event planners  and, um, florists.
  Okay, I think what my colleague is trying to say,  is that our brand is very well established here,  um, so we're going to require a higher compensation.
  No, it's ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh.
 Ooh  No! No, no, Gwen, you took the lower third.
  Well, could you please then? I've already locked mine in.
  Thanks, doll.
  Moira, do you have any idea  how Stevie found your campaign signs in our garbage?  I don't think anyone can hear us, John.
  You don't have to keep up the act.
  What act? That you didn't know I took the signs.
  You took your signs?  I didn't know you took the signs.
  Why would you take your own signs?  Well, I couldn't very well take Jocelyn's.
  That would be stealing  and I'm running a clean campaign.
  You call this a clean campaign?  Politics 101, John.
  When you have limited resources,  your best course of action is to create a stir.
  It's exciting, it's fun.
  It's like that episode of Sunrise Bay  when I stole my own baby.
  Moira, Sunrise Bay was a soap opera.
  Yes, and this is reality.
  Frankly, John, I'm surprised at your naivety.
  Moira, you're misleading people!  No, I'm building a mystery.
  Voters will draw their own conclusions.
  I basically accused Roland  of stealing your campaign signs.
  Well, then hopefully you've learned something  you shouldn't make accusations you can't substantiate.
  Moira I'm not listening until you calm down.
  (Door bangs shut)  Okay, well, Blouse Barn Australia  is willing to offer you an additional $5,000.
  Oh my God.
 Thank you.
  So if you'll just sign here, I think we're good.
  I don't think we are.
  I have done some research and I happen to know  that your company pulled in $100 million last year.
  Point being?  Well, the point is, judging by your bag and those shoes,  Blouse Barn Australia is paying you  quite a bit of money to come here  and help us "switch over our signs.
"  Bottom line, we're standing in your way  and I don't think your client will be very happy  if you come home without securing the rights to the name,  especially considering you're expanding  into 78 stores across North America.
  And let's be honest,  "Blouse House" doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
  Exactly! Angelica, please.
  This is the number that we are after.
  (Paper rustles)  (Derisive utterance) Now, if you'll excuse us,  we have another meeting to get to.
  We're in our store.
  We await your reply.
  (Low hum of chatter, chairs thump)  Moira, I felt bad about what happened to your signs  and so I had some of my students make these for you.
  (Gasps) Jocelyn!  They're not as nice as the black and white ones you had,  but I thought that they might help.
  Very considerate.
  Though there's something you and I still need to discuss.
  The signs.
  We both know that, in a heated campaign,  one might use whatever resources one has  to gain advantage.
 Yes.
  Jocelyn, you have so many signs!  I know.
 Roland got carried away  and used his mayoral power  to get people to put more signs on their lawns.
  And I just pretended it wasn't happening.
  Roland forced constituents  to put up signs through coercion?  That's what we're talking about, right?  Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yeah.
  I just was helping you explain, so you  Because you seem so upset by it all.
  I am upset.
  I don't like what this campaign is doing to me.
  The other day, I called another driver an effing moron.
  I didn't say the 'f' word, but I said, 'effing, '  and that is not me!  Jocelyn, I don't think it's exactly unethical  to do questionable things in the spirit of competition.
  I'm dropping out of the campaign.
  What? I'm barely sleeping,  I can't get through an episode  of "Masterchef Junior" without crying.
  We've both worked so hard for this.
  I know, and now I am giving it to you.
  Congratulations, Moira.
  You are the new councilor for the town of Schitt's Creek.
  Wendy: David, come on in!  Here, have a seat.
  Lisa got back to me.
 She dropped off a check.
  (Groans) It's a big check, David.
  Oh, thank God!  It's a bit (bleep) check!  Oh (Laughs)  Um, you don't mean one of those big lottery checks, right?  No.
 Okay.
  But you pulled it off!  Um, thank you for trusting me.
  Well, I wouldn't go that far.
  Okay.
 Um I guess we should get back to work.
  I love your enthusiasm,  but I think I'm going to take some time  for my family, for me,  and close the store.
  Oh, okay.
  But I appreciate all you've done,  and I want you to have this, you and Alexis.
  Well, Alexis didn't do that much.
  Oh, oh my God.
  And I hope this helps get you on your feet.
  And do something interesting.
 You always do.
  I can't accept this.
  (Low hum of chatter)  (Whispering) Moira! John.
  I'm so excited to see the show.
  I'm going to be on council.
  We'll, that's the spirit.
 Positive thinking.
  I won! Jocelyn quit the election.
  What?  She couldn't take it anymore.
  Well, think what you can do in four years.
  Four years? No, no one said anything about four years.
  And-and the thought of working with Roland every day.
  I mean, that's  I wouldn't even think about that.
  Oh, John.
 What have I done?   'Cuz tonight for the first time   Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah    Just about half past ten   Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah    For the first time in history  Ahhhh    it's gonna be raining men   dada-da-da-da-da-da-da bop!   So  $40,000?!  Oh, that's a lot of money.
  Wow! Even divided amongst the four of us.
  Divided? I'm the one who negotiated all of this.
  Um, with my help, David.
  I believe I offered advice.
  You said Wendy should cave and take the first offer.
  What you gave was the opposite of advice.
  Okay, stop.
 This is good.
  This is the first real money we've seen in a year.
  'Kay, I think we definitely need to celebrate.
  Nothing big, just a little treat  Like a trip.
  Okay.
 I can't believe that I'm the one to say this,  but um shouldn't we be s  Shouldn't we be s-s-s  Should we be Trying to sa save this?  Isn't Shouldn't we be saving  Putting this in a bank?  Isn't that what people do?  Well, that's no fun.
  No but probably best?  Maybe we could do manicures.
  I could a manicure.
 The three of us should go.
  Yes! Long overdue.
  Yeah, that's a good idea.
 Yay!  Wait a minute, wait a minute.
 Just 'cause I do my own nails  doesn't mean, you know, I wouldn't go  'Kay, they're just expensive  and you wouldn't really appreciate them.
  Oh yay, David! Yay!  (Door closes)      

                




                    			1 (Toast crunching)  (Door opens)  Kids, it happens to be our anniversary today,  so it might be a nice idea if you wished your mother  a happy anniversary.
  Okay, um  What would you like us to say?  Well, you could start by saying,  "Happy anniversary.
"  Mmm, okay, but why are we wishing her  a happy anniversary?  Isn't that something that you two  are supposed to say to each other?  Yeah, it's called being courteous, honey.
  You know, the Bloomfield kids used to throw their parents  an anniversary party every year.
  Mhmm um, if we're truth telling,  the Bloomfields were always a little too friendly  with one another.
  I just don't understand what kind of family  skinny dips together.
  John, are you ready?  Yes, sweetheart.
  Happy anniversary!  Congratulations on your ongoing love for one another.
  You did it!  Okay kids, that's enough.
  You sound like the incestuous Bloomfields.
  Have a blessed day.
   Ahem! Hello there, Roses.
  Hello there, you! Yes  May we join you?  Oh, we just ordered to go.
 Yeah, we're not staying,  we've got a million things to do.
  Oh, well then, I guess you don't want  your present then, huh?  (Laughs)  You wanna guess what your present is?  No, I do not.
 Dinner!  We're gifting you a dinner!  At the most exclusive eatery in Elmdale.
  Oh.
 It's very hard to get a table.
  But uh, I pulled a few strings.
  That sounds too good to what's the catch?  No, there's-there's no catch,  just every new council member gets a dinner, so.
  Oh, how very civilized.
  It is thank you, Roland.
 We accept.
  Terrific, so we'll pick you up around seven.
  We? Yeah, we have a coupon.
  Four entrees for the price of three,  it expires soon, though.
  It should be really fun, you guys.
  Yes, it will be fun  Well, it would be fun,  if today were not our anniversary.
  Yeah Wow, happy anniversary!  Well, thank you, thank you.
  You two are obviously gonna want to spend tonight  just the two of you, so  Yes, that was the plan.
 Jocelyn: Yeah.
  Oh, well you know, the coupon expires  in three weeks, so  Okay, all right, let it go.
  You have fun, you guys!  Okay.
 Okay?  Bye bye, now.
 Bye!  Boy, that was a close call.
  (Bell on door jangles)  What are you doing with that?  With what, this yearbook?  Could you put it back, please?!  Why would I put it back,  when Stevie Budd was voted:  "Most likely to get the guy.
"  With that hair cut?!  I'll have you know I was very popular with the boys.
  And girls, it seems.
  Wow, well, according to the Internet,  you were "Mister Popular.
"  I will have you know that that head-shot  got me a two-episode arc on a TV series.
  What series?  "Dateline.
"  I played a boy who got abducted from a grocery store.
  Wow.
 Yeah.
  And the performance was so riveting,  people thought I actually was the "Value-mart victim.
"  Hmm, bet that got you laid.
  It did.
 It really did.
  You know, I am surprised that you haven't asked me  to leave early today.
  Are you telepathic or something,  because I have been thinking about asking you that question  every day this week.
  I was just kidding.
  Oh no yeah, me too.
  No, just with the big soiree at Mutt's tonight,  I figured that you would need ample time to get ready.
  Mutt's having a soiree?  Well, I'm sure you're invited.
  Yeah, no.
 Yeah, no, why wouldn't I be?  Um, were you invited?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  I guess it's just-just a bit of a pride issue,  you know, do I attend the party hosted by the guy  that you left me for?  Yeah, no, I'm sure he wouldn't mind.
  Yeah, but I really would have to basically throw  all my self-respect just right out the window.
  (Both laugh) Aww, that's so sweet.
  So um, what time is the party tonight?  (Small laugh) Happy anniversary, sweetheart.
  Oh darling, what a sweet gesture,  and a precursor no doubt,  to something more grand planned.
  Something more grand?  Ah, knowing your penchant for surprises,  I'm guessing you have something else up your sleeve.
  Yes, I do.
 Uh oh!  I do, I  Was going to tell you later,  but I booked a restaurant in Elmdale,  it's supposed to be very fancy!  The one that Roland and Jocelyn just told us about?  Yes! Yes, but  Who knew they were asking us tonight!  Just the two of us? Mhmm.
  Sort of a "Lady and the Tramp" meets "9 1/2 Weeks"  kind of dinner date?  Could for one second believe that I would not  have planned something For our anniversary?  Tonight?  The two of us?    (Soft classical music plays)  Hi, Rose, party of two.
  Yeah, we spoke on the phone this afternoon.
  You're lucky we had that cancellation.
  Yes, well, lucky for someone.
  We had a reservation which I of course made uh,  weeks ago.
  You always could swing a good table  at the last minute, John.
  Okay, it'll just be a few minutes.
  Thank you.
 Okay.
  Moira?  Bev? Don!  Moira! Bev!  Oh my God, the Roses! You're alive!  Moira: Ohhhh! Johnny: Oh my gosh!  Good to see you! Wow! What? Don?  Don: Oh, I don't believe it! Moira: Come on, Don!  Bev: Muah! Muah!  What are you two doing here?  Well, we were dropping MacKenzie off at college,  and decided we'd take the scenic route home.
  You must they should you must join us!  Join us for dinner!  Well-oh, yes! That would be great!  We are just dying to find out what you've been up to!  We're dying to tell you!  (All laugh) Bev: Okay.
  All: Ohhh  (Loud, upbeat rock song plays)  I set your world on fire!   (Bottles clink)  Come on, let's go   come on, let's go   Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you.
  Oh, I wouldn't either,  but I couldn't find a cocktail shaker,  and someone brought room temperature vodka.
  N-no, I mean Mutt made those ice cubes from well water,  so they smell a little fishy.
  Oh.
  Yeah, wouldn't want that melting in my drink,  thank you very much.
  I'm Jake.
 David.
  It's nice to meet you, handsome.
  I-I'll-I'm gonna So I'll just  Wow! Look at you.
  What's that supposed to mean?  No, I've just never seen you this dressed up before.
  I do what I want.
  And tonight, I'm wanting to meet someone.
  Hmm.
  So, I have a certain high school reputation  I need to live up to.
  Uh huh, yeah, and good luck with that.
  Um, speaking of sexual popularity,  I'm pretty sure that um that guy at the bar,  is into me.
  Who, Jake? Yeah.
 Jake.
  Why, was he one of your high school conquests?  Actually, no.
  But I have a pretty stellar radar for being able to tell  when guys are into me.
  Mhmm um, and having swam in both ponds,  I can say that I might be able to navigate those waters  a little but better than you.
  Uh huh? Well, we'll see.
  Hmm.
    So-so there we are at Izzy Tennison's country home  Moira: Oh, tell me she doesn't still have that stuffed bison.
  Oh, does she have it?  She's moved it to the front hall!  What?!  Grier wanted to hang her coat on the horns!  (All laugh)  And it gets better.
 Don here  Oh, wait now, don't throw me under the bus,  it was Borden who started it all.
  Borden Simons?  It's like old home week!  Anyway, I look over,  and Don and Borden are on their hands and knees,  crawling through the doggie door in the kitchen!  It was too funny! (All laugh uproariously)  Oh, you should've been there.
 Oh, wish we could've been.
  Maybe next time.
 Well, cheers to that!  All: Cheers.
  (Glasses clink)  Hey uh Johnny? Moira?  Oh my God!  Um, what are you guys doing here?  Well, we-we just ran into each other.
  Jocelyn: It's their anniversary, Roland,  just let them do what they want.
  It's your anniversary? You should've told us!  We don't want to intrude.
  Moira: No, you're not intruding, this is a surprise treat.
  Oh, okay, well then, are we intruding?  Because before you were saying  that you didn't wanna go out tonight, so  No, no, we-we uh  You can certainly join us,  if you don't have your own table.
  We do, but that would be great!  Okay! Yes, well then, by all means,  yes, let's uh-let's Let's all sit at one table.
  Bev: This is cozy.
 Hello.
 Jocelyn: Hi.
  Bev: Good evening.
  ("Learn to love" by W.
 Darling)  You can stand with a shield at your side   never breaking protecting your pride   but you can't really win   if you've nothing to lose   Wow.
 Look at you.
  Is it weird that I'm here?  It's only weird if you think it's weird.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
 I don't if you don't.
  Um, in fact, I don't actually know how late I can stay.
  I just wanted to pop in, and say hey.
  Well, you're awfully dolled up for a "pop in.
"  (Laughs) Oh my God, stop, I basically came from work.
  Babe, your stove's being testy again,  should I just serve the cider cold?  Uh Alexis, this is uh, my girlfriend,  Tennessee.
 Wow!  Wow.
 Woweee.
  (Laughs) Alexis, hi.
  It's so nice to finally meet you,  Mutt's told me so much about you.
  The way he describes you, it's like you're this  Beautiful little poem.
  Well, love "little!"  Look at you! You're like a poem too.
  Like, a really pretty poem, or like,  a mermaid, or something.
  Mutt, you're growing back your beard.
  Yeah, she likes it.
  Okay.
  Um, okay uh, I'm gonna go grab a drink.
  But um, it was so nice to finally meet you,  Tallahassee, so  It's ah, Tennessee.
 Yes, Tennessee.
  I love that name, it's so unique.
  Um, thank God you look the way you do,  because that name on the wrong girl would just  Ooh! So  You should feel really good about yourself.
  She's cute.
  You guys haven't ordered yet, have you?  Because I need to present this coupon to the waiter first.
  Don't know what that means.
  He's so ironic, this one.
  Oh! (Laughs)  So where are you living now, Moira?  Tell us all about it.
  Moira: Oh, we're in a rustic, ranch style  Bungalow that  Jocelyn: It's very nice.
  Very nice, it's got plenty of parking,  and a TV in every room.
  Don: Oh, how many bedrooms?  Ten.
 Ten bedrooms!  Yeah, well, we don't use all the bedrooms.
  That must be a nightmare to clean!  Um, Stevie does an adequate job.
  Stevie's one of your staff? Mhmm!  (Laughs) Stevie's the only staff.
  Jocelyn: This olive tapenade is  Salty, I know!  Is it? I-I thought it was good,  but yeah, it's salty.
  Bev: Hmm! Here's a funny story.
  Oh, good.
  On our way here, we drove through a town  Not a word of a lie, called "Schittstown!"  Oh! No, it was called, "Schittsville!"  Schittsville! (Laughs)  And from the looks of it,  the town was living up to its name!  Let's not go for the low-hanging fruit here, Don.
  Okay? No, these are funny jokes.
  Please continue, Don.
  You see, Roland gets it! (Chuckles)  (Loud rock song plays)  You know, I'm actually having more fun at this party  than I thought I would.
  How did you do it?  Well, I started by drinking all four  of those peach schnapps that you left in my fridge  No, I mean you seemed so cool about everything  after we broke up.
 It was almost annoying.
  Cool?  Alexis I couldn't stop crying.
  I was scaring all the animals at work.
  But when I had to go on our honeymoon without you,  the zip line instructor  at the Los Passions Couples Resort told me  that I just gotta get through it.
  Meaning my fear of heights, which I did get through.
  But with you, it just  It took a little longer.
  I'm sorry.
  It's okay.
  Staff dance?  Yes!  Mmm!  Hmm, I thought I was shame eating in private.
  What is shame eating?  I don't think we have enough time for that tonight.
  Are you looking for someone?  No, yeah, I mean, sorry,  I'm just, I lost my friend who should be around here  somewhere um, watching this so.
  Are you here with Stevie?  I am.
 Yeah.
  Okay.
 Not here "with.
"  No, we're not together, I'm very much single, so.
  You wanna get some air?  Yeah.
 Uh huh.
  Mm! Yeah.
  Who do you have to kill around here  to get another bottle of this undrinkable wine?  I think it's good.
  I ordered the one with the highest alcohol content.
  What do you do, Roland?  Bev: Something in agriculture, by the looks of it?  Jocelyn: Roland is actually the mayor of our town.
  Bev and Don: Oh!  Not Schittsville, I hope!  (Bev and Don laugh)  What do you even call someone from Schittsville?  A Schitter? A Schitthead?  Okay, you know what? John, John.
  Don't worry, Moira, I won't say anything untoward.
  We're just having fun, John.
  And I thought we were having fun, Bev,  but you know what, we're not.
  Oh come on, it's just a joke!  No Don, here's the joke.
  The joke is I'm sitting here in a half decent restaurant  with my wife and our friends  And all you two have done is complain about the food,  and pretend that you didn't leave us high and dry  after we lost everything.
  Oh, we're past all that now.
  I'm not quite past it, Moira.
  You wrote us off, Don.
  Not a phone call,  not an email,  not a nickel.
  Roland and Jocelyn here,  could not have been more generous  with what little they have.
  They found us a place to live,  they've offered us their truck whenever we've needed it.
  They've invited us to their parties,  they even offered to take us out to dinner tonight.
  Well, just to be clear, Johnny,  we were always gonna split the bill,  it's just with the coupon  Jocelyn: Rollie, Rollie.
  (Laughs)  And that town you passed through,  it's not called Schittsville.
  It's called Schitt's Creek.
  And it's where we live.
  So Jake, um  Do you drink red wine, or white wine?  I don't really drink wine.
  I'm more of a beer guy.
  Right.
 Yeah.
  That doesn't help me much.
 Um  Well, I better get going.
  I've gotta get to the shop early tomorrow morning, so.
  Oh, you work retail as well?  No, no.
 The wood shop.
 I make furniture.
  Ah.
 Yeah.
 No, I did a lot of um  I did a lot of wood working in high school.
  Oh.
 Yeah, uh,  Christie McFadden accidentally nailed her hand  to her paper towel holder,  so that's-the lesson is just not to nail stuff  You know, I'm a pretty open-minded guy.
  So why don't you stop by the shop sometime?  Okay.
  Good night.
 Good night.
  I knew it!    (Stevie and Twyla chat quietly)  Uh  Where were you?  Where were you?!  Some townies were trying to get us high,  and we didn't want to offend them,  because they're doing so well in life.
  Didn't want to burn a bridge.
  Actually, those boys did burn a bridge last summer.
  Luckily they don't get as bored as they used to.
  Okay.
 Um  So Jake is into me.
  Is he?  Yeah! What makes you think that?  Because we just necked out behind the barn.
  Seriously, what makes you think that?  Because we put our mouths together,  out behind the barn.
  Just so you know, I kissed him too.
  Well, that didn't happen.
  Who's to say?  Well, when would you have had time to do that?  Did he invite you to his wood shop?  Sorry, that came out wrong.
  (Slow rock song plays)    Smells like grass in here.
  Oh my God! Oh my God!  Okay, this is not okay! What are you guys doing here?!  Shhh, Alexis!  For once in your life Shhhh!  I don't care what snarky remarks you kids are gonna make  under your breath, tonight we are dancing as a family.
  What is happening?  Well, I'm down on my knees,   begging you please   to give me some more of that stuff   Do you know your father and I  hold great affection for the two of you?  It may not always be obvious, but  Just say it, Moira!  We love you both very much.
  Love you too!  Love you too.
  (Laughs)  I understand, understand   this is love love love love   precious love   this is precious love   and is teaching me to be a better man   this is precious love, precious love   no I can't get enough   oh I'm down on my knees then I see   you must be from heaven above   it's love love love love love   this is love   oh, it's love love love love precious love       

                




                    			1 (Birds chirp)  Moira: David, this isn't funny!  I have my first Town Hall meeting in an hour,  where is my portfolio?!  Uh, why why would I know where your portfolio is?  You were bedazzling it last night.
  Excuse me?  I haven't bedazzled anything since I was 22.
  David, you were dressed like a harlequin,  and you were gluing shiny jewels  perhaps that was just a night terror.
  Um oh God.
  Okay.
  Oh.
  Well! Uh  (Gasps) Hello.
  Hi, uh, I'm-I'm Jake.
  Oh, of course you are.
 (They chuckle)  David? Um, Jake, this is my mother.
  Listen, I'm really sorry,  I didn't think anybody would be home.
  Okay, nobody was supposed to be home.
  Nobody was supposed to be home, so  You were supposed to be at lunch,  why-why are-why were you not at lunch?!  David, stop acting like a disgruntled pelican!  I came home from lunch because I realized  I misplaced my portfolio.
  folio.
  So we're-I'm gonna we're gonna look for it.
  Johnny: David, Oh my God!  we're looking for your mother's portfol  Oh.
 Oh! Okay.
  Hello, uh, Johnny Rose.
 You are?  Jake.
 Yes, welcome, welcome, Jake.
  I see uh, David's made you feel right at home.
  Okay, Dad! John  No, no, no, I'm just saying, carry on doing  whatever you're doing, or not doing.
  Okay.
 I mean, I see things  No.
 Got it, got it are wrapping up here, so  so much.
 Oh my God!  Oh my God! Alexis, this is Jake.
  We seem to have caught the boys in a  In an "afternoon delight.
"  Is that term still a going thing? No, that's no.
  No, never say that again.
 Don't do that.
  Um David, I thought we agreed,  only when nobody was home.
  Nobody was home!  Nobody was home! Oh, here it is!  Ha ha ha!  Nice to meet you, Jacob.
  If you take half as much care of our son  as you do your physique, Okay!  David should be in very good hands.
  Yes, well, not-not your hands,  Mhmm, yep.
 Bye! but uh generally speaking  Well, I hope it was worth it.
  Okay, I think you can take a step outside.
  You can step outside while this is happening.
  Let him change.
  You're like a predator!  Um     Cal: Okay, and so the last four digits  on that credit card number are 6-3-1-2?  Great, and the security code on the back?  Bob, who's sitting at my desk?  Your next big opportunity, that's who.
  What opportunity?  Well, Cal's doing big business,  and since you two are sharing an office,  uh, I thought you might wanna get in on some of it.
  Sharing an office?  You've rented out my office space?!  Well, Johnny, you weren't exactly paying rent,  and Cal's business is booming.
  Cal: I should add that registration is totally free,  there's no charge whatsoever for registration,  there's just a small monetary  And what business is this?  Antivirus.
 The guy's amazing.
  Cal: Okay, you'll be receiving your CD-ROM in the mail  within the next two weeks,  and you'll know the software is working  if you don't see any changes.
  Bob, this sounds like a scam.
  Far from it.
  No, my-my computer was riddled with viruses.
  I mean, Cal uh, he fixed it,  over the phone! (Laughs)  He didn't even look at my computer!  That's how good he is.
  Bob, I've got a meeting with a client in an hour,  and I cannot be conducting business  with somebody yammering into the phone beside me!  Johnny, you're putting me in a bit of a pickle here.
  You know, obviously I'd like to keep you both.
  But there's uh  a cardboard box over there,  you know, if you do feel like you wanna  you know, pack up your things.
  (Birds chirp)  (Bell jingles, door slams)  (Gasps)  Hi.
  Hi.
 Oh, hi.
  Um, what are you what are you doing here?  I just popped in to say hello.
  Yeah, he came to say hi to me.
  Oh yeah.
  Um, and-and what and um  how long have you been here for?  Why, are you writing a true crime novel?  I'm just curious.
  Just curious about what you guys are  what you guys are talking about.
  About stuff.
  Mhmm  Is that okay with you?  Yeah.
 Yeah.
  Well, I should probably head.
  I've got a ton of work to do, so  (Laughs quietly)  Mmmm! (Laughs) Bye.
  Bye.
  (Jake grunts)  Unnnh!  Ahh  I'll be in touch, all right? Okay, yeah.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  (Door slams)  What the flying (bleep) is going on here?!  I was gonna ask you the same thing!  What was that?! Uh, what was that?!  We're seeing each other!  Okay, we're seeing each other.
  He literally came here from my room.
  Well, he dropped me off at work this morning.
  He what?!  He dropped me off  at work this morning! Okay, I get it!  Um, he did not mention that to me.
  And frankly,  I don't know whether I want your sloppy seconds!  Uh, first of all, who says they're sloppy,  and second, who's to say we're not getting his sloppy thirds?!  (Gasps)  Who knows how many people he's got on the go at this point?  Okay, well all I know is that someone is sloppy  and it's not me!  Moira: Well, hello, everyone!  What time is curtain?  We'll probably start in a few minutes.
  Well, it looks like a full house out there.
  Huh! So uh  is this what everyone's wearing?  Well, I might lose the jacket.
  If we look to have given up on ourselves,  how can we assure our constituents  that we haven't given up on them as well?  So we look like we've given up on ourselves?  Could we remember please that these are real people,  with real problems, people!  And while I can't pretend to fully understand them,  I can at least attempt to care!  Places, please!  (Car rumbles by)  Um, okay, so I downloaded this app,  basically so clients can schedule  their appointments online.
  It just saves me answering the phone.
  Right, so then  what will you do?  Thank you for asking, Ted.
  And here is my answer.
  Um, my answer  starts by me saying  So, you two call each other?  Hey! Um, about what?  You're dressed the same.
  Ah, never heard that one before.
  How are you? I'm good, good.
  Tennessee and I are actually goin' on a trip for a while, so  Wow, like, Tulum? Or  Uh, just gonna get in our car, and drive up the coast,  let the road take us where it wants.
  No plans, no phones, no schedules.
  Basically my worst nightmare.
  Sounds very adventurous.
  Yeah, well, I just needed to get away for a while, you know?  So uh, what's new with you guys?  Well, Alexis came home to a naked man in her bathroom.
  Cool.
 Um no, it wasn't cool,  because he wasn't actually there for me,  which made everything very awkward,  and uncomfortable for everyone.
  Well, you're free to use the barn while I'm away.
  You know, if you need some privacy.
  I was actually looking for someone to water the plants,  and check over the place, so  Oh, well, thank you, Mutt.
  That actually might be good for me.
  Well, we're leaving this afternoon, so you know,  just swing by and grab the keys.
  That's very generous.
  Is that weird?  Daycare Worker: Parents are complaining  that they're struggling to get off work early enough to pick up their kids,  and so that's why we would like to extend  the after school daycare program by half an hour.
  (Applause)  That's an idea we'll  give some real thought to.
  Spoken like a true politician.
  (Audience laughs)  Ah! Vivacity aside,  our children's safety is no laughing matter.
  As a mother who once invested a great deal  of time and money into her children,  I, for one, stand by  the request to extend the hours of the daycare.
  (Applause)  One might think that an additional 30 minutes will have no impact,  but you tell that to the mother  whose manicurist just applied the wrong color,  and must start all over again,  or the father who got stuck in a mine!  That extra half hour could be the difference  between a child who gets picked up safely,  and one who wanders the street,  waiting for a dust-covered man to emerge from the darkness!  We do wait with the kids  Is that really what we want for our town?  Homeless toddlers?!  Tugging at your pant legs?!  Okay Moira, I think you've made your point.
  I assure you, council will examine this issue  thoroughly and carefully.
  Your children will be safe, that is a promise!  (Thunderous applause)  Moira, what are you doing? You undermined my authority!  We were losing our audience! You saw the walkouts.
  And on opening night!  This isn't a theatre! Isn't it?  Look, you can't go making blind promises to these people!  This isn't "Sunrise Bay,"  where everybody lives in a perfect dream world!  I'll have you know,  Sunrise Bay was a coastal community  plagued by a centuries-old curse!  I hate to jump in here,  but you told me I should use the bathroom during the break,  and uh, the line's getting really long!  Go for it, Bob.
 Ohhh!  Ronnie, you have whispers of a maternal instinct.
  Isn't this issue important to you?  It's not a matter of importance, it's a matter of money!  Then find the money!  Ohhh, okay, why don't I just tiptoe  into my orchard of money trees,  and fill my basket with money for you!  And while we're at it,  why don't I gather up some diamond carrots,  and some golden potatoes!  And I don't mean the kind of potatoes you eat,  I mean, the  potatoes that are made out of actual gold.
  Okay, there must be some solution.
  To the problem you just caused?  I'm sure you'll figure somethin' out.
  Oh, welcome to the show.
  Johnny: Well, first, I wanna say thank you, Amy,  for taking the time to see me today.
  It's actually Amygrace.
  Amygrace, well, apologies.
  It's funny, 'cause I remember when our families  used to vacation together, you were just "Little Amy.
"  I've always been Amygrace.
  Ah  well then, just call me Johnnymichael.
  (Laughs)  You know, I-I'm very interested in your business,  Amy grace.
  It's been very fulfilling.
  Yeah.
 "Screamnastics.
"  "Screamnastics," I read that's a combination of gymnastics  and um screaming?  Scream therapy, yes.
  And extreme juicing.
  Ah well, I'm a big juice fan myself.
  Just so you know, Mr.
 Rose,  most orange juices have  frighteningly high sugar levels.
  Okay  So, here's the important thing.
  I believe this town could be the perfect spot  for your next franchise.
  Here's the issue, Mr.
 Rose,  I've been touring small towns,  in an extensive market research trip.
  And unfortunately, what we're discovering  is that most "rural" communities  just don't have the same interest in health.
  Or wellness.
  Or what we like to call,  "Screamnastic inner/outer beauty connectivity.
"  Well, I know a lot of people here  who are very connected to their inner and outer beauty.
  And even more who could use  some of that "Screamnastic" connect tivity.
  I love your enthusiasm, Mr.
 Rose.
  It's very "Screamnastic.
"  Well, this town is very "Screamnastic," Amygrace.
  Why don't we circle back in I don't know, six months,  and see how things are going then?  Yes, sure, sure, sure.
 We can do that.
  Tell you what, why not make it three months?  Let's circle back in three months,  and that way we might be able to  open a "Screamnasium" by Christmas.
  Oh, we don't call them that.
  But it's been so great seeing you, Mr.
 Rose.
  And my parents say hi, by the way.
  They were beside themselves when they found out  what happened to you guys.
  Well, we're okay.
  We're doing just fine, thank you.
  Anyway, you take care.
  You too.
  (Sighs heavily)    Ahem!  That's a nice chair.
  Oh, hey.
  Thanks!  I'm just putting the last coat on it now.
  Ah.
 I think I'm getting a little high  from the fumes.
 Oh, that's nice.
  Uh, we know that you're seeing both of us.
  So Okay.
  Wait, did you not know that?  Uh, no, we did not.
  I mean, when you kissed us both on the mouth  we sort of pieced it together.
  Listen, I don't want to cause any drama.
  We don't want any drama! Who wants drama?  Nobody does.
  Some clarity would've been nice.
  You know? Totally, yeah.
  I just uh  I assumed you guys were cool with it.
  Yeah, I don't think it's a matter of not being cool with it,  I don't think that's that's not what this is,  it's um, what this is, is a clarity thing.
  Yeah.
  So you are cool with it?  Yeah, I'm cool with it now.
  I'm not not cool with it.
  I don't think that was ever the thing, so  I don't think anybody's not cool here.
 (Scoffs)  Okay, cool.
  (Gavel bangs)  Well, hello again, you beautiful people.
  I would love to circle back to this matter  of the extended daycare hours.
  Although I made some excellent points,  in the interest of a fair and balanced discussion,  I will now argue the other side of the issue.
  (Surprised whispers)  One of my fondest memories from childhood were weekdays,  between 5:30 and 6 P.
M.
  That was our time!  And we would've fought anyone  who dared try to take it away from us.
  So you're not extending the hours?  Do we really want Big Brother programming every waking minute  of our children's lives?!  So is that a yes or a no, I  It's an absolutely.
 Absolutely what?  Absolutely crucial  absolutely crucial!  Crucial that we  approach-that  that we entertain every  approach.
 I don't Ahem!  We'll think about it.
  (Audience whispers and murmurs)  (Birds chirp)  (Car doors slam)  Alexis!  What's  what's up?  Hey, it's you.
  Um, we just came by to pick up the keys for the barn.
  The keys to this barn?  Yeah, Mutt asked me to just pop by,  and keep an eye on the place while you are gone.
  Okay.
  This is just the first I'm hearing about it,  which is fine.
  If I had known you were staying at our place,  I would've cleaned the sheets for you guys.
  Oh no, we're not together.
  You literally could not have said that any faster.
  Hey babe, I'm just getting caught up here.
  So, Alexis is crashing at our place?  Not crashing.
  It just caught me off guard, 'cause I didn't know  that there was an arrangement here.
  I don't know about arrangement,  it just sorta happened.
  You're the one who said you don't like to plan things.
  Well, I like to plan things sometimes.
  Uh, so Tennessee,  Mutt tells us that you guys are heading up the coast?  Yes! Yeah, we're meeting some friends.
  We're going on a pinecone harvest.
  Pinecone harvest?  We're picking pinecones.
  I got this old compass at a flea market;  we're just gonna drive until we see the pine trees.
  Hmm, that sounds like it is gonna be  super fun and intense.
  Mutt, you didn't tell me about  Yeah, the pinecones.
  So, we know roughly where we're going.
  I'm pretty sure the compass is broken, though.
  Well, I think that it's better to just freefall into it.
  Yes.
 Yeah, but like I said,  it wouldn't hurt to bring a map.
  Anyway, you pick the pinecones,  and they harvest the seeds.
  It sounds like this is going to be like, a very um,  cathartic journey for you guys.
  (Mutt sighs)  Here's hoping.
 Hmm! Yeah.
  So uh, here's the keys.
  And take care of the place.
  Don't throw any parties.
  Pinky swear.
  Hmm, we should probably get going.
  We were going  to hit the hot springs before the sun sets!  Oh yeah, definitely want to get a soak in,  before you tackle the cones.
  Which you must really be  "pining" for by now!  Okay.
 Okay!  Well, safe travels.
 (Car door slams)  Yeah, that was weird.
  I will not be watering those plants.
    Jocelyn: Hello? Sorry.
  Hey, Moira.
 Hi.
  Hey! Hey, Moira.
  Stay away from the Cafe, the olives are bad.
  I found Johnny at the Cafe, he'd had a lot of olives,  so I thought I would take him home  before he had any more "olives.
"  Hello, dear.
 John, what have you  Oh, John, you smell like my mother!  Well, Bob kicked me out of the garage  so Cal could steal people's money.
  I think you can handle this from here,  so have a good night, Johnny.
  Okay, thanks, guys.
  Oh John, I think you could use a nice, cold shower.
  Well, I need something.
  (Sighs)  You and the kids are doing it all, Moira.
  Alexis has a job,  David's puttin' money in the coffers,  you're on Council, making a difference every day.
  Not every day.
  You know what, I don't know if I'm  looking after this family as well as I should be.
  (Sighs)  John, you're the only one holding this family together.
  And that's the most important job of all.
  You're a good man, John Rose,  and good men always win!  Not at this exact moment perhaps,  you have an olive stain on your tie.
  What's that?  But just because no one is currently seeing  all the wonders of which you are capable,  does not mean that you are not  one of the most talented people in this family.
  Well, thank you, Moira.
  David: Has he thrown up yet? Oh, go to bed!  Alexis: It's six o'clock! Goodnight!  So, on a scale of one  to a Sao Paolo hangover,  how are we feeling right now?  I wouldn't have gotten out of bed this morning.
  Children, have some respect for your father's condition.
  I'm feeling fine, Moira.
  You don't look fine.
 I'm fine!  Okay  All right, ready to order?  Yeah, toast  dry toast, and more coffee, please.
  And I know it's early, but I'm kind of feeling like,  a big piece of fish.
  Mm!  Um and I'll have a bowl of room temperature hollandaise sauce, please.
  Oh, that's funny, very funny.
  Don't listen to them, John.
 Very funny.
  Don't listen and pick a point on the wall if you need to.
  Just a fruit cup for me, please.
  Anything else?  Um yeah, I would love to order something else,  but I'm just having trouble seeing the menu.
  Yeah, so um  if we could somehow make it brighter in here?  Okay, you know what, kids? Stop it.
  Okay, well, I will be right back with the toast,  fruit, fish, and sauce.
  Thanks.
 Perfect.
  Have you no empathy?!  Stop persecuting your father, we all know he's in a bad way.
  No bad way, Moira,  I'm actually feeling pretty good.
  Well I, for one think we should celebrate your resilience!  A toast!  A toast! (Loud clink)  All right, you know what, I'm sitting at another table.
      Alexis seems to think you like me more.
  Alexis, don't be ridiculous.
  It's exactly the kind of paranoia  that makes me wary of spending time with you.
        

                




                    			1 David: Oh my God! Alexis: Ugh!  Jeez, I'm not out the door yet!  Hey, hey, David, isn't that your friend?  Moira: Oh, I didn't recognize him clothed.
  Yeah, I don't know what he's doing here.
  You sure, David, 'cause I've got a pretty good idea.
  Alexis, don't be crass.
  David, is he here to s  Oh my God, I literally told him  to never come back here while you people were home.
  So, I don't  Um  What are you doing here?  Well, I was just in the neighborhood.
 so  I just thought after last week,  we decided to avoid the motel.
  Like, generally speaking.
  Moira: David, what should we do?  Should we be walking ahead,  how far ahead should we be walking?  Uh  Alexis: I'm just gonna walk,  'cause I don't even care what's going on right now.
  Keep walking, okay?! Walk, walk, walk!  Um what's going on?  (Door slams)  Oh  Okay, um, so you weren't here for me today.
  Okay.
  Well, it's just a casual hang,  you know, we talked about it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  That's totally fine, I'm just  I'm tasting metal, for some reason.
  Um  Alexis: Oh God, David, this is so awkward!  Moira: What? What's happening?  Johnny: Well, I don't think Jake is here to see David.
  We can hear you.
 Very clearly.
  Oh.
  Stevie: Okay, He's early.
  I didn't know No! No, no.
  Okay, sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Sorry.
  Uh (Door slams)  Have fun, you two.
 Oh John, no!  Oh, right.
 Don't worry, David,  I've been in this situation like, the most times,  except I'm always the girl getting into the truck.
  The least they could do is offer us a ride!  Okay, let's move please, people!   (Birds chirp)  Twyla: All set, Mr.
 Rose?  Yes, Twyla, I think I'll have the eggs,  and brown toast, over easy,  The eggs, not the toast.
  Comin' right up.
  And I think I might ask for a  Oh my God!  What happened?  Well, I went whitewater rafting,  Oh no, well, that'll do it, I mean  Anyway, it's fine now.
  Yesterday it was this stabbing pain,  but today it's more like a really intense throbbing.
  Well, it's not urgent, not urgent.
  I don't need coffee with breakfast, so.
  I'll grab it right after I clear these.
  Well, if it's not too much trouble?  Doris: Can I help you with those?  Oh, no, no.
  Oh, you know, I can help,  I can help with that, Twyla.
  No, no, they say it's better to work through the pain.
  Really.
 Oh well, there you go.
  If those are the doctor's orders  No, I mean, I can help, Twyla.
  I do have a bad back,  But I-I can certainly uh  help out here.
 Oh!  David: Uh, who picked through my cake,  and only left the icing?  Who eats the icing?!  What kind of barnyard were you raised in,  where you just eat someone else's food?!  So you can share a boyfriend,  but you can't share a piece of cake?  I'm not sharing a boyfriend,  Stevie and I are both dating Jake,  at the same time,  like sexually evolved human beings.
  Oh, okay, because in my experience with throuples  We're not a "throuple!"  When it comes to three people, David,  there's always a favorite.
  It's just like how Mom likes you more.
  That's not true, and please don't include Mom  in an analogy about my relationship, thank you!  Moira: David, lunch today?  No.
 Oh, okay.
  Well, I'll dine alone.
  See?!  See what?  Alexis seems to think you like me more.
  Alexis, don't be ridiculous!  This is exactly the kind of paranoia  that makes me wary of spending time with you.
  I was sitting right here,  and you chose to eat lunch alone.
  That is simply not true!  I didn't see you.
  At first.
  Alexis, I would be absolutely glee-ridden  if you would have lunch with me.
  Today.
  No, no, no, no, no.
 I wasn't actually  You'll meet me at the cafe for their one o'clock sitting.
  Something wrong? No!  (Birds chirp)  I should go.
  Don't wanna set a bad example  for the rest of the motel staff.
  I thought you were the only one that worked there.
  Yeah, that's another good reason to go.
  All right, well, I'll drive you.
  Mm, I think I'll walk.
  I'm trying very hard not to repeat  what happened last night.
  Hmm, and here I am trying very hard to repeat  what happened last night.
  (Laughs)  I meant you picking me up.
  And David and his family.
  Ohhh!  Yeah, yeah.
  Could've timed that one better.
  Yeah.
 Well, I guess that's bound to happen  sooner or later in this sort of situation, right?  (Sighs)  I'm sensing that this whole setup  is becoming a bit of a problem for David.
  Yeah, he's just very fragile.
  He's like a snowflake.
 Yeah.
  I just think maybe it's time he and I have a chat.
  Oh! No! That's not  I mean, that's not what I was implying!  No, no, not at all.
 This is a  This is a good idea.
  For him and for us.
  Uhhh  Here we go, Twyla.
  Table Five, a Caprese salad, and a ginger ale.
  Thank you, Mr.
 Rose, I really appreciate this.
  Oh!  Yeah, it looks like the morning rush  is finally dying down.
  Maybe I can get the kitchen to whip up  a fresh batch of eggs for us volunteers.
  Roland: Uh, Twyla, honey, whenever you're ready.
  I'll be right there! Okay.
  Would you please pass me my crutch?  Not a problem.
 Unless  No, it's right here.
  No, I was gonna say unless you could possibly  take their order?  I just need to cash out Table Three.
  Sure, no, I can  I can do that.
  You know, it's funny, I said eggs, but uh  I'm gonna be ready for lunch soon.
  (Both laugh)  Moira: No, I hear your concern,  it's just apparently what geese do.
  No, it's not the town's problem,  You're just going to have to watch where you step.
  I don't want to hear the I don't want  No, I don't wanna hear that!  (Thuds)  Okay, I'm gonna take an early lunch.
  Twyla's got a broken foot, so lunch could take a while.
  You coming? Yes, let me just get  Oh wait, I don't think I can.
  Okay, I didn't think it'd be such a tough decision, so  No, Ronnie!  I would love nothing more than to lunch with you today,  but I believe I'm lunching with Alexis.
  (Laughs) It's kind of a mother daughter thing.
  Oh, a little bonding time.
  Yes, and what's so wrong with that?!  I don't know, is there something wrong with that?  Well, just because my daughter and I  don't do that sort of thing doesn't mean it's impossible!  And I'm sure you'll have a really good time.
  Yes, we will! We will!  Once I break the ice with a provocative question or two.
  Sure.
  And then there's the banter about the food,  that always eats up some time, doesn't it?  As long as you don't over think it.
  Oh, no.
 Ronnie!  If you're still there when we arrive,  might we perhaps push our tables together?  Yeah, perhaps.
  (Door slams)  (Car rumbles)  (Knocks) Hey!  Um, you don't need me to work through lunch today, do you?  Would that be to make up for the work  you were supposed to be doing this morning?  I took one tiny break to watch two episodes  of "Scandal" with Mrs.
 McCreary,  while she waited for her dog!  Why do you wanna work through lunch?  Um no, I just thought you might need me,  and um, I wanted to see if I needed to cancel  this lunch that I have at the cafe with my mom.
  No need, have lunch with your mom.
  Okay, cool.
  Um, I totally don't mind though,  if you want me to stay.
  Is everything okay with your mom?  Absolutely! Why?  Well, it's just you've offered to work  through lunch three times now,  and most days I can barely get you to come back after lunch.
  Thank you, Ted.
  No, everything's fine, it's just  we don't spend a lot of time together just the two of us,  which is why it's totally easy to just rain-check.
  Isn't that all the more reason to go?  I mean, I try to have lunch with my mom  at least once a week.
  And sometimes lunch will turn into dinner,  because we get carried away chatting, and  For sure, for sure.
  Okay, well I guess lunch is free, then.
  So I guess I will see you tomorrow.
  Oh, well, there's still work to be done,  so probably best if you  come back after lunch.
  Okay, but nothing during lunch, though.
  Maybe?  Tell your mom I say hi.
  Okay thanks.
  Well, I guess I was a bit premature  thinking the morning rush was over.
  Yeah.
 Here you go.
  Table five, seven and eight,  and the big group at twelve,  separate cheques, if you can.
  Thank you, Mr.
 Rose.
  And I've got a steak sandwich here with your name on it.
  Oh, you shouldn't have!  Just one thing before you start  Yeah, steak sauce, I know, you read my mind.
  Actually, I was gonna ask if you could take this  to table four.
  Oh! Yes, yes, I can.
  And then I'll be back for that sandwich,  avec sauce.
  (Laughs)  Here you go.
  I didn't order this, I ordered the fish.
  That's mine, the full combo?  Female Customer: I wanted to order the fish.
  Well, you can order the fish.
  He told me not to, he said it was off.
  The fish is off?!  No, no, the fish is fine, it's just uh, you know,  it was a bit fishy.
  Female Customer: You know what, I'll just order  the full combo instead.
  Okay, but just to be clear,  the combo is a cup of soup,  and a half a sandwich.
 Then what is that?  It's the full combo.
  There is no full combo.
 He said there was.
  Well, not-not in those words.
  No, I said we'll see what we can do.
  Well, what's this, then?  That's just a soup and a sandwich.
  But there is a deal, right?  No.
  You said it was a combo.
 No, no,  I said it was like an evolution of a combo.
  But there's no deal?!  Well, there is a deal on the combo,  which is a cup of soup,  and a half a sandwich.
  So what's this gonna cost me?  Well, I-I think we can uh,  charge you for two uh, half combos.
  There is no half combo!  It's just a cup of soup, and a half a sandwich!  Johnny, if I get the soup with the brisket,  is that then the full combo?  Mr.
 Rose? Yeah, I'll fix it, uh, Twyla.
  All right, just soup, and a sandwich.
  (Sighs)  (Clears throat)  (Bell jingles)  Hey! Hello!  Hey.
 (Kissing sounds)  (Laughs) Hey.
  I'm so glad we're doing this.
  Me too!  When your father comes over,  just act like everything's normal.
  Is there something not normal about us being here?  It's not normal for your father to be waiting tables  at a rural sandwich counter.
  Eww! What's happening?  He thinks he's working.
  Just play along.
  Well, can I get you ladies started  with anything that is not a combo?  Um, I will have a mixed green salad,  and some chicken.
  Me too, something in common already.
  Salads, good.
 Simple.
  And I will get the dressing on the side, please.
  You'll get your dressing on the salad,  like everyone else.
  Hmm!  Hmm.
  (Breathes heavily)  So huh, this is new.
  Well, a lot more people are seeing my body these days,  so I just thought I would  What's going on?  I just wanted to check in, you know,  after that whole thing last night.
  Was it a whole thing?  I mean, I went to dinner with my family,  and you had a  romantic rendezvous with someone that we're both seeing.
  So Yeah.
  That.
 Well, I'm fine with it.
  Me too.
  I just wanna make sure that we're still fine,  you know, down the line.
  Because what if things get complicated?  What would make things complicated?  Nothing!  But the last thing we want is a situation  where one person is breaking up with another person,  and that person is hurt,  because things have gotten complicated!  Okay, I'm starting to feel like I'm trapped  in an Avril Lavigne lyric here.
  And while I not-so-secretly love Avril,  and have paid very close attention to her battle  with Lyme disease,  um, I don't know why we're  Okay.
  If you knew somebody was planning  on breaking up with you,  wouldn't you wanna be the one to break up with him first?  Okay, if you think he's going to break up with you  and you wanna be the first one to do it,  I say, be the first one to do it.
  Okay, I'm doing this wrong.
  I need to be more direct.
  Yes, by just telling him how you feel.
  I think it'll benefit everyone.
  I meant you! Me?  I'm trying to warn you  That you are going to be ending things with him.
  And I appreciate that, but message has been delivered.
  Oh my God.
 Loud and clear.
  Uh (Cell phone rings)  Oh.
  Okay, it's Jake, so um  Oh, okay.
  Don't worry, I'm gonna let you tell him.
  Okay.
 Hello?  Yeah, no, I was just um  I was just doing squats, actually.
  Ugh!  (Dishes clink)  Mmm!  Um, I love having salad for lunch.
  It's just, it's not heavy.
  No, well, a heavy salad might as well be a casserole.
  Mhmm (Laughs)  So, how are  working at the animal hos-  Uh, how is working at the animal hospital?  Fine.
 That's marvelous.
  And  uh, your daily exercise routine  What are you looking at?  It's-well, it's a napkin.
 Let me see this.
  You had to prepare questions?!  I wouldn't categorize them as questions exactly.
  "What's your favorite color?"  Black.
 That's one of the questions!  It's right after,  "how is your job at the animal hospital?"  Is it a crime, Alexis,  that I had so many queries for you that I wrote them down  in anticipation of forgetting them?  Well, you wouldn't need these if you were having lunch  with David.
 Oh, Alexis, please.
  I wasn't even sure you'd show up.
  (Scoffs) Why wouldn't I show up?  You've never wanted to spend time alone with me.
  There, I said it.
  You never asked.
  Bordeaux?! The trip I planned for the two of us?  That was a wine tasting tour,  and I was seven years old!  You could've used the spittoon,  That's what the other children did.
  But you weren't interested.
  It was as if you didn't want to be seen with me.
  Well, did you ever wonder why?  To revel in my misery?  No, it's because you were always being recognized.
  Yes No! Not now.
  Like before.
  Didn't you enjoy the warm glow  that Mummy's spotlight cast upon you?  No! Alexis!  If I'd known you didn't like the attention,  I would've chosen to be alone with you,  and not out in public, among the throngs of fans.
  I don't remember throngs.
  I never meant for you to think that I  didn't wanna spend any time with you.
  Well  I hope it's not too late to make up for lost time.
  (Sighs)  Okay.
  What is your favorite season?  (Takes a deep breath)  Awards.
    (Crickets chirp)  (Bell jingles)  (Door shuts)  Uh, what are you doing here?  I'm meeting Jake.
  To break up with him?  No, I thought you spoke to him on the phone before?  I did, he invited me here for dinner.
  Uh  Hi! Sorry I'm late, guys.
  Oh, you both look amazing.
  Great.
 Muah!  Oh.
 Hi Hey.
 Muah!  Mhmm.
 Sit, please.
  Oh, okay.
  No, I think there's been a mix-up here.
  I don't think I should be here for this.
  Oh, no, no,  I think it's very important that you're here for this.
  Okay, here for what?  Johnny: Well, good evening.
  David, Stevie.
  Mr.
 Rose.
 Hello again.
  I take it we'll be dining together as a group tonight?  Or will you be taking turns?  Um, first of all, what are you doing here?!  And second, we're gonna need a minute.
  So Yeah, sure, take your time.
  Okay.
  David, may I?  Yeah.
  I know this hasn't been easy on you lately,  and that doesn't make me feel good.
  And I know Stevie's been feeling it a little bit, too.
  Has she?  That's why I think there's only one thing for me to do.
  Oh, I should go.
  No.
 No.
 Okay  I think we all need to be in this together.
  Now, you've been with each other,  and you've both been with me.
  Let's all be  with us.
  Let's all be with us?  All of us.
  Together.
  Mm, 'Kay.
 Yeah  I don't think that's gonna work.
  Stevie, we talked about this.
  You talked about this?!  You said you didn't want to make things complicated!  Yeah, that's why I invited you both here.
  (Sighs)  Wow, okay.
  Hmm, I think maybe I  misread the situation here.
  Yeah, I think that's a pretty accurate realization.
  Uh huh!  Might've done.
  Okay.
  Okay, maybe it's best we all just  take a step back from this.
  Okay.
 Yeah, maybe that's  that's the best thing to do.
  Mhmm.
 Well  This one's for you, Muah!  And you.
 Oh! I get one.
  Mhmm, Muah! Okay.
  All right, I'll see 'ya.
  Ah!  (Door slams)  To be clear,  you were going to go on a date with him,  knowing that he had just broken up with me?  No I wasn't.
  Uh, you showed up for the date.
  No I didn't.
  You're literally here in the restaurant!  Because I was gonna tell him  that I was breaking up with him.
  Ohhh, okay.
  Uh, yeah, fine.
  (Sighs)  But if it makes you feel any better,  nobody hates me more than me.
  Generally speaking.
  Fair enough, I would've done the same thing.
  There you go Mr Rose.
  This is your share of the tips.
  Oh Twyla, I can't take any money.
  I insist, you earned it.
  Well, I have to admit,  I haven't worked this hard in a long time.
  I'm glad to hear it.
  (Clinking)  Although the things some of these customers  can put you through!  (Laughs) Oh, I know.
  Joking when you're way too busy,  trying to tell you how they want their food cooked.
  I've experienced a bit of that myself.
  Yeah, you know, I think maybe um  you should keep my share of the tips.
  That's not necessary, Mr.
 Rose.
  No, just think of it as a little reparation pay.
  Well, that doesn't even begin to cover it!  (Both laugh)   To not following  too closely in her footsteps.
  We're drinking to me  not becoming an alcoholic.
  Mhm.
  Off to a good start.
     

                




                    			What are these sad print-outs?  They're for a proposal I plan on making to the family.
  And what kind of proposal is this, Mr.
 Rose?  Are the police auctioning off crime scene vehicles?  No, these are only examples,  uh, for the proposal.
  I think it's time we invest in a car.
  I really don't see myself driving any of these.
  Now, these are just examples.
  Yeah, I would rather drive a scooter.
  And we all know how I feel about scooters,  those stupid helmets.
  All right, let's forget the print-outs.
  All right? I just think  we could use a car.
  Everyone has a car!  Roland has a car, Bob has three cars.
  Stevie has a car.
  I want a car!  Does this site have boats?  Okay, here's what I put together.
  Is that a spreadsheet? Yes, yes, it is.
  And if you'd just let me finish the pitch  the way I planned it,  things will be a lot more clear.
  Okay, well, I'm gonna need the car on Friday nights.
  Absolutely not.
  Meaning that I would get it Saturday.
  We don't even have the car yet!  Okay, we're just trying to work within your schedule.
  Ohh! This is not your best pitch, darling.
  I haven't even started the pitch, Moira!  Okay, you know what?!  I'm buying a car!  End of story.
  Where are you going?  Here.
   You know, really don't have to go with me, Moira.
  Oh, I insist.
  This is a big decision, and there's no reason  it should rest solely on your shoulders, dear.
  You know, I actually like buying cars.
  And you're very good at it.
  But, sometimes your choices  are less suited to a family's needs,  and more suited to a pony-tailed Lothario,  cruising the Monte Carlo coast.
  Or like um, Vin Diesel.
  It's called style, people.
  (Scoffs)  And you're brimming with it, darling.
  But each of us is going to drive this,  and a car says a lot about a person.
  Not that we can afford a car that says a lot about us,  We did decide to only budget $4,000  of my money.
  You know, he's got a point there, honey.
  We can't be eating into the family funds.
  Well, fault my over-zealousness,  but I think I can We can find  a zippy little vintage something on budget.
  Not dressed like that, you can't.
  You bought me this dress, David.
  I know!  And it cost twice as much as the car you wanna buy.
  No used car salesman is gonna cut you a deal  dressed in archival designer silk.
  You know, he's got a point there, honey.
  Yeah, says the moving target in the Bespoke suit.
  Well, I'm not just gonna be wearing a suit today, David.
  I've got a ball cap I can put on.
  Oh! David's right.
  But you know what? I could build an appropriate look  to mimic the trappings of a workaday woman.
  And if you'll notice, David,  no cufflinks.
 Wow!  I am blinded by the disenfranchisement.
  I wouldn't be surprised if they just gave you the car.
  (Spoon tapping)  Hey, sorry I'm late,  there was very heavy foot traffic on the way over.
  Do you mind putting these in Mrs.
 Hertzman's file?  Oh, hello!  Who is this cool cat, and what did he do with Ted?  Very funny.
  Unfortunately, the alternative isn't quite so  cool.
  Oh my God, what happened?  Did you get in a bar fight?  Uh, you know, I'd actually prefer not to talk about it.
  Okay  Just for the sake of maintaining  some professional boundaries.
  Yeah, okay, totally.
  You owe someone money.
  Alexis, I pay off my credit card bills  two weeks in advance, what do you think?  Okay, then why are you being so weird about it?  I'm not being weird about it.
  You're entitled to keep things private from me.
  Okay, fine.
  I know that they are for the animals,  but I find that when I get tired,  just one or two kind of help me focus.
  What are you talking about?!  Anyway, um,  secret or no weird secret,  we've gotta cover that thing up.
  I hope you're not into contouring,  'cause it's not really my thing.
  (Birds chirp)  So the low energy bulbs you installed in the bathroom,  I'm finding the light to be very harsh, and um  did someone die,  or are we going through like, a mid-life Goth phase?  Someone died.
  Okay, I'm just finding the bulbs to make my skin  look very jaundice-y.
  My great aunt died.
  Okay, I can't tell if we're still joking  or not? I'm not.
  Okay, and now I can't tell whether you're playing  into the joke, or whether um  you're telling the truth.
 She was 78.
  So you're not joking.
  Okay.
 Um, well first, I'd like to apologize  for everything I've said since coming in here today.
  Why, you didn't kill her.
  I take it you weren't very close.
  I actually really liked her.
  I mean, she was a mess, but I liked her.
  That's probably why I liked her.
  Anyways, it turns out I'm one of the few who did,  because all of the arrangements have fallen to me!  Oh.
  Um, well if you  need hel  (Clears throat)  I'd like you to finish that sentence.
  Oh! Um, I am happy to help  you in this time of need.
  Thank you, as much as I appreciate  your reluctant offer,  I don't think you could handle it.
  This whole thing is super depressing.
  Okay, I think will be fine.
  So I am happy to help.
  That is what um, friends say to each other, right?  Yes, it is.
  Okay.
 Um  so I'm just gonna change into my funeral blacks.
  And um, and meet you back here, then.
  (Door opens, slams)  (Knocking)  Oh, sorry, we don't want any.
  (Laughs)  I'm just joking.
 Come on in!  No, I'm not! (Laughs)  Johnny: Roland! Just let him in, Rollie!  (Laughs) Come on in!  Thank you.
  Entree vous, s'il vous plait.
 (Laughs)  Hi, Johnny.
 Jocelyn.
  Would you like to join us for a game of cribbage?  We play every day at lunch.
  That's right, and Fridays, it's strip crib.
  Well, thank God it's not Friday.
  Well, we can pretend.
  Now, I'm not staying long,  I just came by to borrow some clothes.
  Ah, okay.
  Honey, why don't you check your closet,  and see if you got anything that Johnny can fit into.
  Look, Moira and I are going to a used car lot today,  and I just need to appear more um  Official?  Casual.
 Casual.
  You see, I've got a closet full of suits,  but uh, I don't wanna be taken advantage of  because I'm overdressed, I need to look like  I don't have money.
  But you don't have any money.
  Oh, I know I don't have any money,  but I need to look like I don't have money.
  Ohhhh, okay.
  Here's what I'm hearing you say,  what you're saying is you wanna dress like me,  because I look like I don't have any money!  I think I misspoke.
  Well, that's what I heard out of both ears,  one of them works pretty well.
  I mean, anything that looks  um, hip! I need something hip.
  Hipper than these suits.
 Hip!  Oh jeez, yeah!  Now you're speaking my language!  (Laughs) Hip we can do!  What do you want, uh PVC,  or a Hawaiian shirt?  (Car rumbles)   Funeral Director: Sorry about the mess.
  We're in the middle of a move.
  Now unfortunately, we haven't quite found  your Aunt Maureen's ashes,  but, we know they're here somewhere.
  Okay, well, that's encouraging.
  The problem is they all come in from the crematorium  on the same day,  and sometimes, they're not labeled.
  Oh?  Is it possible someone else picked them up?  Unlikely.
  I see your great aunt has a sister.
  Yeah, they haven't spoken in 20 years.
  And a step-son.
 He's in prison.
  And a cousin.
 Who's also deceased.
  What? I didn't know.
  That side of my family has a bit of a reputation  for conflict.
 Okay.
  And philandering.
  And fraud.
 Yeah  And gun-play.
  Well, I'm sure her remains will turn up.
  But we should talk about urns for your aunt.
  We'll just get this one, I guess.
  Well, that's the shipping tube we pack the urns in.
  Found them.
  They were on top of the microwave.
  Wonderful.
 Oh, that reminds me.
  Can you get us some whitener for the coffees?  Oh what have I been using?  Okay, I'm gonna put that down.
  And what about the service?  Well, since it's just gonna be us attending,  I think we can do without.
  I see now, I know this may sound premature,  but have the two of you thought about the planning  of your own funerals?  Okay  I think we got what we came here for,  so we-I think we can just  thank you so much.
  (Traffic rumbles)  (Moira laughs) What?  Well, if I squint,  I feel like I'm seeing your rough and rugged  country cousin.
  Oh, and you feel confident  you've hit the target with this?!  I apprenticed costume design under Stan LaCoulier.
  I'm sure he'd agree this toggery  is the perfect tribute to the common woman.
  Oh, John, look.
  It's our car!  Well, Moira, let's not pick the first car we see.
  No, before David was born!  We bought a car just like this,  don't you remember?  Well, I don't remember the "Everything Be Irie"  bumper sticker.
  Oh no, it's perfect!  Hello! Moira!  This car is $3,000 more than our budget.
  I'm a trained actor.
  A humble back story will disabuse this man  of any notion we're too patrician.
  Well, okay, but  let's start by losing words like "patrician.
"  Hey folks, how we doin' today?  Oh, excited beyond compare!  Yes, especially with this being our first ever purchase  of an automobile.
  Yes, it's our first car,  let's hope we can afford it.
  Yes, my poor 'usband, lost his job recently  as a tennis pro,  yes, at a public resort, that is, yeah.
  Well, let's get you folks settled inside,  we'll see what we can do.
  Oh, thank you.
  It'll be nice to get off the streets,  and be indoors for a change, yeah?  Moira What?!  The truth is  that, um  We've-we've struggled with penury  for quite some time now,  well, just two years ago, we were  practically 'omeless.
  Where are you two from?  You know, I've been wondering that myself.
  I'm from London,  I was one of two identical twins.
  Tragically, I was snatched from my crib at birth  by Russian mobsters.
  Mhmm, they looked at my fair skin,  and my dazzling eyes, and they said,  we'll make a pretty penny on that one,  on the human black market, we will.
  And what about the twin? What's that, love?  Well, if you're identical,  I thought you'd both be valuable.
  Yes, wouldn't you?  She wasn't born yet.
  Yep, she wasn't born.
  'Til three minutes later,  and the Bratva work very quickly.
  That is quite a story.
  Isn't it? (Woman clears throat)  Um, excuse me, I I'll be back in a moment.
  I think he's buying it!  You think?  (Knocking) Hey!  These are for you.
  Oh, you didn't have to do that.
  Lisa dropped them off.
  Oh.
 Hey!  Don't be embarrassed.
 I'm not embarrassed.
  I know your little secret,  and as your assistant I will be discreet,  and professional.
 What?  No one's gonna know that you're having  an adventurous little rendezvous  with an apple-cheeked farm-woman!  But that's not what happened!  Wink.
 (Sighs)  I was making a house call to Lisa's farm,  and got  head-butted by her goat.
  Is that when one of you is on the floor,  and then the other one kind of just like hops  No, uh  I was head-butted by an actual goat.
  And as a vet, that's not something  that I want getting out,  so please don't be thinking  that this is something that it isn't.
  Okay.
 Sorry.
  Those are delicious, by the way.
  She practically begged me to try one.
  So I did.
  And I also took a couple for David.
  Um, yeah, you're right, this is a bit depressing.
  Are we sure this is the right place?  She was very specific  about where she wanted to be scattered.
  Um, so what are  where-how Where should we do  Well, I don't want people parking on her!  Okay.
 So  Maybe I could just put her on the grass over there?  Sure.
  (Sighs) Ooh, it smells like cigarettes.
  Ohhh Um  do we scatter it all, or do we  save some for later? Later?!  I don't know! (Sighs heavily)  This is gonna be me.
  Well, theoretically, it's gonna be all of us.
  Um, although I'm hoping that when I pass,  there'll be a little more fanfare.
  My great aunt worked at the motel.
  Front desk.
  You never told me that.
 Yep.
  So I just need to take up palm reading,  get a few cats,  move to Saskatchewan.
  Well, a girl could dream.
  You are not your aunt!  From what I've heard, I wouldn't be friends with her,  and I'm friends with you, so that's one major difference.
  She made her decisions.
  And you're going to make yours,  and they are going to be different.
  And they are going to be great.
  And if they're not, I'll be sure to scatter  your ashes in a much nicer parking lot.
  I think I'm just gonna start pouring, okay?  Okay, so Okay.
 Not here, though!  Let's go just over there.
  Thank you very much for waiting.
  Oh.
 This is Sarah,  this is my wife, and business partner.
  Oh hi, is everything okay?  Well, I hope you can forgive me,  but I couldn't help overhear your story.
  Oh yes, love,  it's an inspiration to many, I'm sure.
  And it sounded so familiar.
  But then I remembered  "Sunrise Bay!"  My wife was addicted to your show!  Well, I find it's wonderful,  but we don't have a television, so.
  Moira I remember when your twin showed up,  and stabbed Armand with her sharpened crutch.
  Okay, look folks, I'm really sorry,  my wife was simply  trying to fictionalize  our very real financial struggle.
  Okay, that was fun.
  There's no need to be embarrassed.
  We read all about what happened to you,  losing everything.
 It's heartbreaking.
  We didn't lose everything.
 Well  Seeing you working so hard,  just to shave a few bucks off that Lincoln,  which we could do.
  But now you're making it sound like some  act of desperation, it was simply just an act.
  Um Moira, they're just trying to help us out  by giving us a better price.
  Well, nonsense, dear,  we can certainly pay full freight.
  You save that discount for someone who needs it!  Yes, okay.
 Dear, look.
  We really would appreciate any financial assistance.
  Or perhaps we might have to take our business  to a dealership that sells brand new cars.
  As you can see, we can't even afford  her meds right now.
  I'll get the paperwork started.
  Here we go, dear, here's the chair.
  (Birds chirp)  Hey, so I'm headed out,  and I will drop off the flea shampoo for Ms.
 Warner's cat.
  Sorry, what did Mrs.
 Warner say?  She called to ask if you would drop off flea shampoo,  and she also asked if you would wash her cat,  but I said that you were too busy.
  Oh.
 Y-yeah.
 Uh okay, you know what,  I got this.
 I'm happy to do it.
  Um do we even have flea shampoo?  Uh, it's fine, I-I'll do it.
  It's best if I do it.
  No, it's on my way home,  and I rarely offer to do things like this, so.
  (Sighs)  Heather Warner doesn't actually have a cat.
  Ohhh.
  She like, thinks she has a cat?  That's so sad.
  But I guess she is like 50, so that makes sense.
  Yep, she's 42.
  And she's not crazy.
  It's code.
  (Laughs quizzically)  I'm kind of seeing Heather, and the flea shampoo is  A booty call?!  Well, I'm not crazy about the term, but  Ted, look at you, Little Sexy Susan!  Okay, calling me "Susan" kinda takes the sexy out of it.
  But I'm glad we were able to deal with this  in a professional manner.
  Ted, say hi to her cat for me.
  That's too far, Alexis! (Alexis laughs)  To Maureen Budd,  and not following too closely in her footsteps.
  So we're drinking to me not becoming an alcoholic?  Mhmm.
  (Clinks) Off to a good start.
  Hi, I'm looking for Stevie Budd.
  I'm her.
 Hi, we spoke on the phone,  I'm Elaine, from West, Read and Healy.
  I have some personal effects that were willed to you,  Oh and some documents for you to sign.
  Thanks.
  Oh my God.
  When did you have this photo taken?  That's not me.
  That's Maureen.
  Mmm.
  Okay, well, just because you bear  a vague physical resemblance,  does not mean that you  will end up in an apartment with newspaper for curtains.
  Okay, this is not going to be you.
  What is this?  That is the deed to the motel.
  Sorry?  Maureen Budd owned the motel.
  You didn't tell me that.
  Nobody told me that.
  I mean, I knew it was in the family,  but I didn't know she outright owned it.
  Was she of sound mind?  Uh well, according to her will,  she wanted you to have it.
  Was she of sound mind?!  Okay, this still doesn't mean  that you are going to be anything like her!  I mean sure, on the surface,  it is a step in that direction, but, you know,  um, okay, you know what?  Let's clear some of this stuff.
 Yeah.
  Starting with the urn.
  And I'm-we're gonna just  (Engine idles, shuts off)  (Door slams, keys jingle)  You look like a contestant on "The Price Is Right.
"  Well, it worked, because the price was right.
  How much did you pay for this?  David, it's not polite to ask  what you paid for something.
  It says $7,250 right there.
  Well, that's way over budget!  Well, that's not what we paid for it.
  Well, what did you pay for it?!  $6,000 quid, love.
  Oh God! Thank you, Moira.
  And it would've been a lot less,  if your mother hadn't talked them back up!  You can't put a price on dignity.
  Uh, tell that to your outfit.
  This is your outfit.
  What?! Okay, look.
  The important thing is, we now have a car!  Is this a car for dead people?  No, it's not a hearse!  Look, this is a used car, so it's not perfect.
  Were all the other cars on fire, then?  It's very big.
      

                




                    			(Birds chirp, car door slams)  Johnny: Well, what do you think of the new wheels?  Do you want my honest opinion?  Or You got your wallet?  Um, I have my debit card.
  And what about your license?  What about it? Do you have it?  It's fine.
  It was a yes or no question.
  Okay, yes, it's fine.
  We're going up the street, I don't need my license.
  David, we just insured the car,  and you can't drive it unless you have your license on you,  so could you go get it, please?  (Sighs) It's expired.
  When did your license expire?! I don't know!  Like, last month.
  Then you're not driving!  Well, I drove the car yesterday!  Well, that's illegal, David! Argh!  You need to go renew your license!  Alexis: Are you guys done with the car?  No, we're just leaving.
  Okay, 'cause it looks like you're getting out.
  We're changing seats because David's license is expired.
  (Gasps) Oh no!  And it took him like, 16 tries to get it last time.
  It didn't take me 16 tries!  I failed the written test twice,  and then took the driving test, and passed!  And then your learner's permit expired,  and you had to do the written test again,  which you failed.
  Oh, I remember this!  You had to start from scratch,  and you failed the practical two more times.
  God! Moira: Oh, the poor thing has crippling test anxiety.
  We all know that.
  Who has the keys? I need the car.
  Well, we're using the car right now, sweetheart.
  David, would you drive your mummy to Town Hall, please?  He can't drive, his license is expired.
  Okay, I will drive.
  You got your wallet?  It's fine.
  (Car doors slam)   (Birds chirp)  (Door slams)  (Dog barks in the distance)  Ugh! Oooh!  So many boxes.
  And most of them are filled with paperwork  I have to go through,  so I'm just hoping I contract some deadly lung infection  from the dust before I have to open another one.
  Um well, I wouldn't really worry about it,  I managed several galleries,  and never once looked at the paperwork, so.
  It either all comes together, or it doesn't.
  Ultimately.
  Did it ever come together?  Um, I think we're getting sidetracked.
  The upside is that you are your own boss now!  Or I'm the owner of a very sad business  with one under-performing employee.
  Okay, what I find helpful when I get overwhelmed  is actually taking a step away  for like, 15 minutes to an hour,  to um, to maybe two hours,  and ah, helping people.
  I feel like there's a request coming on.
  Mm, not so much a request,  as it is an opportunity.
  I am looking for a very lucky person  to drive me to my driver's test.
  Oh yeah, that's not gonna happen right now.
  Um, I guess you're right.
  I should probably be helping you.
  I would love to run some errands,  or you know, maybe pick something up,  I just-I just need a valid driver's license.
  The test is this afternoon.
  And I'm very anxious about it.
  And need a lift.
  Um you know what?  I don't think this is a good time to ask.
  Hmm, that's really perceptive.
  Um, I'm gonna find someone with a little more time  on their hands.
 Okay.
  Okay  I don't know why you didn't ask me first, David.
  I have my license in seven different countries,  And I have my "F" Class.
  Isn't that for transport trucks?!  Yes, well, I had a lot of people to move!  Anyway, it's not a big deal.
  You just get in, you do what they tell you,  and then you get out.
  And wear your best hair perfume.
  Okay, I don't have hair perfume,  and not all of us can flirt our way  into getting a driver's license!  Okay, you try parallel parking in a burka, David.
  No amount of flirting can get you out of that,  trust me!  Okay, the big difference is that nothing  seems to give you anxiety,  which is actually sort of concerning.
  Oh, that reminds me,  can you hold the wheel for a second,  I need to check my phone.
 Oh my God!  I'll tell you what's not helping me right now!  This! Hey, relax, David.
  I once had a 7-year-old drive me around Mumbai,  so I'm pretty sure you're cool to steer for a sec.
  Ugh! Okay.
  Okay!  (Sighs nervously)  Breaths! (Exhales)  Breaths! (Exhales)  (Exhales)  (Traffic rumbles, birds chirp)  (Door opens)  Oh Stevie, I don't mean to bother you,  but um, there's a leaky faucet  in David and Alexis' bathroom.
  And this is a pressing issue for you?  Well, it's just that when you're in our bathroom,  you can hear it clear as day,  I mean, it's almost like it's happening  in our bathroom.
  But it's not.
  So I'm just gonna finish this first.
  Hi.
 And  Stevie, I'll need your telephone, please.
  Sure.
 Along with the number for a plumber.
  The faucet is dripping in David and Alexis' room.
  It's exasperating,  the incessant tap, tap, tap  Oh, it's so irritating, Stevie, it  (Stevie sobs)  But maybe this is uh  not a good time.
  (Sobs loudly)  Oh, boy troubles, no doubt.
  We don't want to intrude, dear,  just when you can, plumber, please.
  Or get someone else to do it, Stevie,  because you are the owner now.
  Yeah!  And I don't know what I'm doing!  Oh! None of us do, dear!  We're all just muddling through, aren't we?  I mean, look at John.
  Why look at me?!  I'm saying, even someone with a history  of wild success can experience a downtick now and then.
  Well, I didn't realize I had a downtick, Moira.
  Just, I don't know what to do,  do I sell the motel?  Sell the motel? No, no!  No, no, that's not something you should be thinking about.
  Mmm! I mean, I can't keep it!  Okay Stevie, allow me to get you a pill.
  It's going to make you forget every last one  of those irrational thoughts for at least two days!  Yes, and Stevie, if you need any help at all,  please, feel free to come by our room.
  Well, I'll be at work.
  But John will be there,  implementing and strategizing.
  And honestly, the drip is just uh, you know,  a wish list project, lowest of priorities.
  I'm-I just need a minute, and I'll do it.
  Sure, yes, of course.
 Oh, Stevie.
  (French accent) Courage!  (Sobs)  (Door slams)  (Groans)  Whoa!  John, you don't really think she'd sell the place, do you?  It would not bode well for us if she did.
  (Door slams)  (Car rumbles)  Okay, I'm gonna need you to step out of the car  for 20 minutes, so that I can do my transcendental meditation  before I fail this test.
  Okay, you are acting all sorts of crazy right now.
  This honestly does not matter.
  Nobody cares.
  Uh, people care.
  I care, the driving examiner person cares.
  No, he doesn't.
  Trust me, people aren't thinking about you  the way that you're thinking about you.
  What does that mean?  You always over think everything,  and that's why you fail all the time.
  Thank you, Alexis.
  Well, it's true!  Okay, just because everything falls in your lap,  doesn't mean it falls in everyone else's.
  What does?!  What? What falls in my lap?  Stuff! Things.
 Opportunities.
  Things don't fall in my lap!  Okay, I'm just saying,  that you've always just gotten stuff,  without realizing that other people don't skate through life  the same way you do.
  I don't skate through life David,  I walk through life.
  In really nice shoes.
  And I'm sorry if that rubs you the wrong way,  but maybe if you could just relax for a second,  and stop worrying about everything,  everything would be easier for you!  And what I'm saying is that things haven't  been as easy for me as they've been for you!  Um, yes, they have!  No, they haven't!  And now I'm even more stressed out  than when I got in the stupid car!  Thank you very much for your help, Alexis.
  Hey!  I'm the one that's supposed to be getting out  of the stupid car, David!  The driving man's coming!  Oh my God!  David?  Nobody cares.
  I got it! Okay!  (Sighs)  (Birds chirp)  Johnny: Hey, Stevie.
  Good news,  I fixed the drip in David and Alexis' bathroom,  so you can check that off your list.
  Thank you.
  You know, to be honest it's more a temporary fix,  I put a sandwich bag over the faucet,  and secured it with  an elastic.
  Oh okay, won't the drips  fill up the sandwich bag?  Well, like I said, it's temporary,  uh, but it might buy you a little time.
  A little.
  Ooh! A ledger?  I haven't seen one of these in a while.
  Aha, well, at first glance,  what you think of say,  charging for late check outs?  Yeah, again, that would assume  that we had guests to check out.
  Well, there's a solution to everything, Stevie,  and when that idea comes,  it's going to appear  so obvious.
  Well, I mean, I did think that I could start  charging full price to the long term guests here.
  And sometimes it's the second or third idea  that's really the keeper.
  Hey.
 Afternoon.
  (Door slams)  Oh, Moira's in early.
  Oh, just catching up on my reading.
  Well, we'll leave you to it.
  Oh dear, that's a shame.
  (Tsk, tsk, tsk, tsk)  That's a real shame!  The old pulp mill in Elmdale, torn down.
  That reminds me, I gotta check out the new pulp mill.
  I hear it's breathtaking.
  But surely the old pulp mill had its charm,  and it was an historic landmark.
  Where'd you find that article?!  The old pulp mill closed down what, two years ago?  Well, it just makes one think,  might there be a building struggling in our town  that could, with the aid of municipal funds,  avoid befalling a similar fate?  Like the library.
  Gwen does all her internet stuff there,  you know, she worries about people tracing her IP address.
  I was thinking of another worthy landmark,  the motel.
  Oh, that sounds like more of a personal issue.
  Oh, it's very personal, for Stevie.
  The poor thing is a wreck.
  Inheriting the motel, feeling lost and alone.
  She even threatened to sell the place!  A pitiable creature, that's what she is.
  John and I, we both threw our arms around her,  figuratively speaking,  and we said, the people of this town,  and Council in particular,  will not let this business go under, Stevie.
  For your sake, Stevie!  I thought you were against giving town funds  to heritage projects.
  Yeah, when we wanted to restore the war memorial,  you said we should avoid taking sides.
  But this cause affects everyone.
  We all know, or are,  people who live in the motel.
  In closing, I move that we free up heritage funds  for the motel, effective immediately,  all in favor, say Aye.
  Ronnie, you're with me?  I see that you're scratching.
  Bob! You're making a note!  Oh, just writing uh, "visit new pulp mill.
"  Yeah, Roland got me thinking.
  I hear the floors are so clean,  you can eat your lunch off them.
  I laid those floors.
  (Phone buttons click)  Okay, Derek.
  You are gonna make a turn up ahead.
  Uh, it's David.
  Oh yep, sorry about that.
  Um, I just didn't want you thinking you had gotten  in the wrong car.
  Rose, David? Yes.
  Sorry, it's been a long day.
  Um, so a left or a right?  What?  You said there's a turn coming up,  do you want a left turn, or a right turn?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a left.
  Okay.
 But when I tell you to make a left.
  Okay.
 Um, can I ask you a question?  Uh yep, failure to signal will be counted.
  Um, how old are you?  Twenty-eight.
 Mhmm, and is this like,  what you would like to do for a career?  Well, I uh, I DJ on the weekends.
  Ah.
 Why?  So you don't really care about this.
  Like, about me, in the car.
  I mean, you care in the sense that it's your job,  but you don't-you don't care about this, do you?  I've done like, eight of these today.
  Is that a problem?  No.
  (Birds chirp)  (Key rattles in lock)  (Adding machine whirs)  Oh, there she is, back from council.
  Any chance of a bailout?  I was very persuasive.
  And there were lots of questions,  that shows engagement.
  Good, 'cause even with just a little cash flow,  I think Stevie can get this motel back on its feet.
  Excellent.
 Yes.
  And if she can get let's say,  a volume discount on paper products,  or offer deals on last minute bookings, then  Well, it sounds to me like we may not even need  those funds from Council.
  Oh, no, no, we need the funds,  that's for sure, but I'm just saying,  if she took some of my suggestions  Stop!  I want to remember this moment.
  What moment?  I haven't seen you this excited in a very long time.
  No, I'm just thinking of Stevie,  and listen,  how much money do you think we can get from council?  Well, now I'm wondering if that money  might not just complicate things.
  Look how much you've achieved with your back to the wall.
  Necessity drives invention,  and far be it from me to rob you of your necessity!  Well, I'm not thinking of getting that involved, Moira,  I'm just offering a bit of advice.
  You've been looking for a project, John.
  Well, not running a motel, Moira, that's a commitment  Or not! Go!  Go tell Stevie of your decision.
  What decision?  And I'll instruct Council to save their largesse  for a more worthy charity.
  You didn't get the money, did you?  Go, John!  Before the passion dies again!  (Door slams)  (Car rumbles)  So I assume you got your license,  and you're not just driving us home illegally.
  I did.
 Good.
  I know.
  And how was your tester guy, was he a monster?  He was fine.
  Slightly distracted.
  Transitioning to a career as a DJ,  but apparently none of the venues around here  could handle his sound  See? I told you.
  He didn't care.
  You never trust me!  Yes, I do.
 No, you don't!  Yes, I do.
  No, and you never take my advice.
  And I'm always the last person you turn to.
  What do you want me to say?  Well like, what makes me different than Stevie or Mom?  You trust them with stuff.
  Okay, you wanna talk trust?!  Stevie and Mom weren't running around the world  for a decade and a half with random men,  leaving me at home to wonder whether they were okay!  Well, I'm sorry for having fun, David.
  With a selection of very confident international men.
  But I was always okay.
 Were you?!  Because I was the one at the consulate  sending you temporary passports,  and colored contacts lenses whenever you needed them.
  I was the one at home,  not having fun because I was  constantly worried which East Asian palace  Alexis was being held hostage in this week.
  Not Mom and Dad.
  Me!  Well, you didn't have to worry about me.
  Well, I did.
  (Birds chirp)  Ray: As your realtor I would take pictures,  arrange viewings,  dress each room with complimentary baskets  of plastic foods.
  Okay, and if we're going to do this,  what would the timeline be like?  The sooner the better, I have my camera in the car.
  What's going on?  Ray and I are just discussing  Selling the motel.
  I have to weigh all the options, Mr.
 Rose.
  Yeah, I thought we talked about this?  Ray came to me.
  There's never been a better time to sell a motel.
  It's a terrible time to sell this motel.
  Either way, in reality,  it's always best to tell the client what they want to hear.
  Yeah, but I think selling is not necessarily  the best way to solve a problem.
  Maybe we should discuss this at a later date,  or um, when Mr.
 Rose has left the room.
  Well, I'm not leaving,  and Stevie's not selling.
  I might be selling.
  I-I can't do this on my own, so.
  Well, maybe not on your own, but um  what if you had a partner?  Stevie, as your agent,  I would advise against partnering with somebody  who has no capital,  no contacts, no industry experience.
  Well, thank you, Ray, but I did run a big corporation,  and I'm perfectly capable of handling this.
  And I think it's  something I wanna do.
  Oh well, this is all very exciting.
  However, if any of this falls through for any reason,  perhaps one of the ones I mentioned,  then do give me a call.
  Well, Stevie's not selling.
  Here's my card.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
  (Stevie sighs)  You don't have to do this, Mr.
 Rose.
  Well, it's not charity, Stevie.
  I mean  I'll take a percentage of the profits,  if and when this place ever sees any.
  You're actually serious?  I'm getting more serious by the second.
  Any help you need, accounting, sales, marketing  Plumbing?  Plumbing, yes, it might keep me away from the books, but  Oh, thank you so much!  Oh! I'm sorry.
  Oh my gosh.
  (Stevie laughs)  Yeah I just feel like the whole session was rushed  Like, there was no back lighting,  or emotional direction.
  Nobody likes their driver's license photo, David.
  Okay yeah, I was just hoping I would get some options.
  Well Ohhh!  It's done.
  Have you been in there the whole time?!  The sink doesn't fix itself.
  Moira? Kids?  Check it out.
  Ugh.
 (David scoffs)  Okay kids, give it a spin.
  Ahem.
  (Water splashes)  You changed it so that the hot water  comes out of the cold water tap?  No, I fixed the drip.
  Now, turn it off.
 What are we all looking at?  Um, Dad messed up our tap.
  No, I fixed the drip.
 Turn it off, honey.
  It's getting hotter.
  Okay well, turn it the other way, then.
  Turn it off!  Ow! Ow! It's burning my hand now!  I see steam, John.
 Okay, well, how do you turn it off?  It's a tap, just turn it off! I turned it off!  Good! Good!  See? No drip.
  I'm gonna go.
  Ow!  (Thumps)      

                




                    			1 (Key rattles)  (Door shuts)  Hi.
  Hi.
  Um, your agent called; do you have any safety pins?  My agent?  Which one?  I think the assistant said her name was Jennifer?  Ginnifer? Or Jennifer with a "G?"  There's more than one!  They sent you an email.
  Is it a job?  I don't know, do I look like Ginnifer?!  David, your inability to retain information  that doesn't directly pertain to you  might actually require medical attention!  Are they sending a script?  David there's nothing here but  "hot singles in my area.
"  No, wait, wait.
  David, it's an audition for a feature film!  Well, that sounds promising.
  "Attractive and spunky forty-something female.
"  In my sleep!  "Respected ornithologist Dr.
 Clara Mandrake,"  in the psychological thriller, "The Crows Have Eyes Two.
"  It's a sequel, that's good.
  It must mean the first one was a big success.
  I've never heard of it.
  Well, they want me to put myself on tape.
  David, do you still have that camera?  Go get it, please!  And a drop cloth.
  And a ring light.
  I could probably prop my phone against some books.
  And so it begins again.
   (Door opens)  Good morning.
  I'd like to book some rooms, please.
  Oh, well, that's wonderful.
  Good good.
  Um, is there a problem?  Uh no, no problem.
  I can certainly handle this.
  My associate usually works the computer,  But uh  let's get you booked.
  I'd like to book three rooms.
  Three rooms?  Okay  Now will that be uh, three (Chimes)  separate uh, bookings?  You see, there's a conference over in Elmdale,  and I was hoping to use the motel as a kind of a  breakout space to conduct my own business out of,  for the next two days.
 (Computer chimes)  During the afternoons.
  (Computer beeps repeatedly) Okay, we seem to be  having a bit of a problem with the system here,  but not to worry.
  Are you new at this?  Ish.
 (Laughs)  Well, not to complicate things for you even more,  um, Johnny, but  I would love if we could work out some kind  of a discounted deal,  seeing as we're not gonna be needing the rooms  during the evenings.
  Okay, um tell you what.
  Why don't I go to a fresh  page here,  and we'll get this done.
  Lickety-split, okay.
  So I would love to pay cash.
  Whew!  Even better.
  Moira: From what I understand it's between me,  and one other actress.
  Congratulations, Mrs.
 Rose!  Who's the other actress?  Well, they haven't found her yet.
 Oh.
  But if all goes according to plan,  (Knocks on wood)  they'll be flying me out for a screen test!  Moira, I was just thinking about you!  Well, thank you.
  What if we switched parts?  Switch parts? For the duet next week.
  Oh Jocelyn, the duet.
  I must apologize,  there seems to have been a change of plans.
  Moira's gonna be in a movie!  (Moira and Twyla laugh)  A movie? Well  I'm sure you've seen "The Crows Have Eyes.
"  This would be the second in the franchise.
  Wow.
 Mhmm.
  I have never heard of it, but congratulations.
  Thank you.
  Shame about the duet, though.
  Yeah, we were gonna have a pretty incredible audience  for the performance next week.
  Big tour group coming through, so  Then you'll cut the number.
  No, I don't think that's a possibility, actually.
  Twyla, what if you took Moira's part  for the duet next week?  (Gasps) I would be honored!  God, it'd be such big shoes to fill.
  No, Twyla, no.
  No deprecatory mocking.
  One must champion oneself and say,  I am ready for this!  Otherwise, the pressure could be crippling.
  Look at this filth!  "Community center adds ramp.
"  No, this.
  He says the comma's a typo,  but it has run that way three years in a row!  Who is this person?  He looks like if Ricky Martin and Mark Consuelos had a baby.
  It's the competition, and he's selling his body  to get clients, it's disgusting!  You could probably take just as sexy a photo  if you wanted to.
  I could definitely take just a  I don't want to.
  Let me ask you this question.
  Why should the person who is performing surgery on your pet  have to have a six pack?!  You have a six pack.
 That's not the point!  And it's not a full six yet,  That's why I'm shredding right now.
  I don't know, it looks like a pretty smart campaign to me.
  If he wants to sell sex,  then he should just get a job down at the Dude Cave!  He'd make more money than being a vet!  Um, what's the Dude Cave?  It's the all male strip club outside of town.
  My cousin Dwayne works there; he drives a Corvette.
  Okay  Listen, you might wanna think about spicing up  your approach a little bit.
  The bottom line is that I did not go to med school  just to exploit innocent puppies  as a cover for my extreme vanity!  But people love extreme vanity!  And they love puppies,  so you have to give them at least one of the two.
  I don't know.
  Oh! What about the bunnies that we have up for adoption?  We can set up like, a little bunny cam,  and stream it live from our clinic.
  That is very popular with people who hate their jobs,  or are in loveless marriages.
  Are those the people we wanna be targeting?  Well, it's free marketing,  and you can find little homes  for those little bunnies that don't have any houses.
  Fine!  But if those bunnies feel exploited even a little bit,  I am pulling the plug! Yes.
  Honeypea.
  Moira: Okay  this is really taking me back.
  (Coughs)  Okay David, I'll need you to count me in.
  Okay, um, from what?  Start from five,  you leave out the two, and the one.
  Okay, why?  Because it's my process.
  Okay.
 Um  Five, four  One.
  Look what you've done!  Look at it!  Lying there, lifeless.
  Yet, in its eyes,  I see darkness.
  It's just a crow, Mrs.
 Mandrake.
  Dr.
 Mandrake.
  And you must be kidding yourself  if you don't think more are not coming.
  They always do.
  They're watching you, Gareth.
  The crows have eyes.
  And you better not look them in it.
  Uh, it-it's just a flock of crows, Dr.
 Mandrake.
  What's the worst that can happen?  Oh, you'll see!  And it's not a flock, my dear boy  it's a murder.
  Yes, I said murder.
  Gareth, murder!  Sorry, um, this is  just one big rip off of "The Birds!"  This is about crows!  It's much more specific!  And the dialogue!  "Look, they've taken Clara!"  "Where are they carrying her to, Clara?"  Are there two Claras?!  It's a common name.
  Yeah, the next scene takes place  in a large bird's nest.
  Rarely is the material of quality,  the challenge is to lift it off the page.
  And I think part of the problem, David,  is that I'm getting nothing from you.
  It's like working off a corpse.
  I actually think you do play off a corpse  in the next scene, and  if I'm being perfectly honest,  this is all playing a bit big.
  Hmph! Big.
  Yeah.
 And would that be a note?  A note, coming from my son?!  Who I carried for almost a full seven months,  to an actress who has been short-listed  for more than seven major  made for television motion pictures?  The script is nothing more than a jumping off point.
  Oh, okay.
  Let's take it again, I'll count myself in.
  Five, four, three, two (Camera beeps)  Johnny: Great news!  Your new partner just booked three rooms,  before you even got in this morning.
  Wow.
  Ha!  Three rooms, two days,  "afternoons only, Trish.
"  What's afternoons only?  Well, I gave her a discount,  because she's only using the rooms during the day.
  So you're renting our rooms by the hour?!  We haven't had a guest in four days!  What are they using the rooms for?  Well, she didn't say,  Just conducting her business out of them.
  Right, and you know what that means.
  No.
 Yeah.
  No, I-I don't believe you.
  Let me guess, this has something to do  with the accountants conference?  Yes.
  No, no, you're mistaken.
  Stevie, she would've disclosed that information  if that were the case!  Really? No  But look, if it makes you feel any better,  we'll go and check it out.
  But when it turns out I'm right,  and it's just a group of business professionals  decompressing for a few hours,  during a long day at a regional accountants' conference,  then I expect a full apology.
  You don't hear it, when you say it like that?  I hear it a bit.
    (Crickets chirp)  Hi.
 Come look at this,  look at the bunnies!  Oh (gasps)  Cute!  This isn't one of those animal rights viral videos  where the bunnies go through  a meat processor in the end, is it?  Ew, no, David.
  I set this up to get people to visit Ted's website.
  Poor thing is, like, out of it  when it comes to selling himself.
  There are 200 people watching this, David!  That's like, double your Instagram followers.
  Okay, my account is private, thanks.
  Mhmm  There's Ted.
  Yeah, sometimes he comes in and out.
  Um  Ted is taking his clothes off.
  You wish, David.
  No, Ted is getting naked on your webcam!  Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!  I emailed our entire client list about this, David!  I emailed his parents!  I'm obsessed with this.
  This is incredible!  (Gasps)  No, no, no, no, no, no!  Ted looks good.
 Yeah, he does.
  David, he looks really good.
 Okay, that's gross.
  Okay, so  (Gasps) David!  Oh, hi.
  Hi.
 Uh, I and my associate,  just wanted to come by and check on you,  and see how you're enjoying your multiple room stay?  Oh, we're doing just fine, thank you.
  Good, good, good.
  Because we've heard through the rumor mill that um  there have been some unannounced visitors  staying in the rooms we rented you.
  Visitors who may be engaging in mature,  if not adult activities.
  And?  And that's something we didn't discuss.
  Miss, if I were to tell you  Oh no, no, I got it immediately,  and I wasn't even there, so.
  Okay, well unfortunately,  we're gonna have to ask you to shut it down.
  Oh, you have nothing to worry about, Mr.
 Rose.
  We're a very high-end operation,  and very discreet.
  Besides, people are making love in these rooms,  whether they rent by the day,  the week, or the hour.
  Yeah  Yeah, well  Point taken.
  Wow.
  (Door shuts)  (Light knock on the door)  (Cars rumble)  Hey, you know, I've tried to add  an extra half hour to my morning run,  but my body just isn't having it.
  Well, you look great.
 Thanks.
  Um, about the bunny cam  I know, it's a huge hit!  We've gotten like nine new customers overnight!  And some of them don't even have pets,  they just want to discuss whether or not  they should get a pet.
  Ted, the camera can see you.
  Okay, so should I like,  wave or something, next time?  Nope, the camera can see you  like, after your run.
  Oh.
  Oh no, why didn't you tell me the camera could see me  when I get back from my runs?!  I just noticed!  Actually, David noticed first last night,  but that's exactly when there is a huge spike  in the website.
  I'm worse than Dr.
 Miguel! No, you didn't know!  Although there was a moment last night,  where it looked like you might have known,  and you were doing this like,  thing with your hips.
 Alexis!  No, I know, of course you didn't know.
  Of course!  Um, don't worry, I'm gonna take it down right now.
  W-Wait.
  You said you saw a spike in the website views?  People were very concerned as to whether or not  you would get your pants on successfully.
  Well  who's to say that people weren't watching  for the bunnies?  I am, that's what I'm saying.
  I feel that until these guys are adopted,  we can't take it down, that'd be bad for business,  for the bunnies' sake.
  I'll just have to be more careful next time.
  Um hello, who are you,  and what did you do with Theodore Mullins?  Well, what can I say,  sometimes I like to live dangerously.
  While still respecting my personal boundaries.
  Yes.
 (Ted laughs)  Moira: David!  So what is it?  It's an email.
 Mhmm!  Subject line, "The Crows Have Eyes II.
"  Mhmm.
 And?  I don't know, I'd like you to read it, please.
  (David sighs)  You booked it.
 Ohhhh!  David! I did?  What'd they say about me?  They need you to sign the contract!  Well, that's standard!  What are the terms?  Ooh, it's filming in Bosnia!  Um, in a city that I don't,  I don't know the name of the city,  I can't pronounce it, a lot of consonants.
  I did not know that.
  But I've always loved shooting on location,  it allows one to focus on the work.
  Hmm, it's being released in Bosnia,  Croatia,  Herzegovina.
  Before opening internationally!  You have to fly yourself there?  Mmm, that doesn't sound right.
  Ooh, accommodation is covered.
  Thank God!  You'll be put up with a local family.
  Close to the set?  They're paying you scale.
  But it'll be in Baltic currency,  do you want me to keep going?  No, read to yourself.
  There's a death waiver?! Ohh!  You can close the computer.
  Yeah, but we haven't even gotten to the section  on bird safety yet!  Shut it! Now.
  What if  Hmm.
  No, thank you.
  (Door opens)  Have a nice rest of the day.
  Hey Johnny, wow!  This place is hopping!  Yeah, well, it's uh, it's been a busy week.
  Uh huh, you know, I gotta tell you,  when I first heard that Stevie was hitching her wagon  to your cart,  the first thing that came into my mind was,  whoooa, Nelly!  That horse is in big trouble.
  A convoluted metaphor, but um  But I've gotta say, you've proven me wrong,  I mean, obviously, you're doing something right here.
  Yeah, well, once again,  thanks for coming by, Roland.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Johnny, look.
  I know it makes you uncomfortable  when somebody gets real with you,  but could we just have one minute when I compliment you,  and you don't go all,  "Ooh Roland, my generation,  we don't talk about our feelings,  we keep 'em all rawrrr inside!"  Yeah well, that's not it, but once again,  thanks for coming by.
  Hey, one of you guys Ken?  Ken? No.
  Hi.
  I'm Roland, Roland Schitt, mayor.
  Roland Schitt.
 Kitty.
  Kitty, how are you?  Are you enjoying your stay in our town?  It's been really good, Mhmm.
 Oh  Hmm.
  So Roland look, why don't we head down to the office,  if we uh, wanna chat.
  Who's Ken?  Well, Ken is probably her husband.
  Uh huh, and she doesn't know what he looks like?  Gentlemen.
 Uhhh  Ah.
  Excuse me.
 You betcha.
  (Laughs) Oh, Johnny.
  Well, I see why you've had such a great week.
  Okay, I don't know what you're implying,  But I don't like your tone.
  Johnny, please.
  This little operation has been on the council's radar  for quite a while now,  And I'm sorry, but that was no Sunday school teacher  coming outta here!  Okay look, this whole thing was a mistake.
  This whole thing!  But I'm working on it,  I'm working to shut it down, quickly.
  Well, I'm really happy to hear that,  because I would hate to have to assert my mayoral authority  in a situation like this, yes?  Yeah, and nobody wants to avoid that more than me.
  Good, okay.
  Well, you know what, I'm glad I helped you fix your uh,  broken moral compass.
  Well, there's nothing wrong with my moral compass, but  All right, well, why don't we tell Kitty that?  (Snickers)  (Laughs)  Ah, I'd love to see that!  So, I was thinking for the chorus  Yeah? We could sway,  like we're actually islands in the stream.
  Oh yeah, that's good.
  Hi, I'm here!  Moira, what about your big movie?  Oh that, they're still hounding me,  but I took a moment to stop and think  about what is really important in life,  and while the Bosnian Riviera is a majestic locale,  it can't hold a candle to singing with you  wonderful working women here,  in our makeshift rehearsal studio.
  Well, I'm flattered,  but Twyla's been working on your part for the duet,  and I really don't think that that would be  in the spirit of things to take that from her.
  But the song was my idea, Jocelyn.
  John and I made David to that song,  in Pusitano.
  Hey, why don't we just show you how we're doing,  and you can offer up some professional advice,  for now.
  Okay.
  (Clears throat)  Jocelyn and Twyla: From one lover to another   Uh huh  Islands in the stream  (Scatting)  Jocelyn and Twyla: That is what we are   K-H-E-O-K!   No one in between   How can we be wrong   (Moira sings in another language)  Sail away with me to another world   (Moira sings loudly)  We'll be lying with each other, uh huh   Uh huh       

                




                    			1 (Brakes squeak)  Okay well, you could've dropped me off back there!  Oh, don't be silly honey,  we're happy to drive you right to the front door.
  Yeah, this is an iconic moment in all of our lives,  and I think we should experience it to the fullest.
  Moira: We're very proud of you, Alexis.
  Thank you.
  Is that appropriate attire  for high school, do you think?  Yeah well, what's wrong with it?! Well  Well, now you're making me nervous!  Anyway, just don't trust anyone  that wants to be your friend on the first day, okay?  And you mustn't let anyone push you around,  I will not relive that bullying nightmare.
  I wasn't bullied.
  She doesn't mean you, Alexis.
  Uh, it wasn't that bad.
  That's the heartbreaking part,  He was so blissfully unaware.
  Okay, I'm gonna go.
 Ugh!  Okay, I think you're brave.
  Well, that's very nice of you to say, David.
  Okay, he's being sarcastic!  David: What?! Johnny: Oh.
  It's a defense mechanism.
 From all the bullying.
  Oh my God!  General Store Aired the 21rst February   (Dog barks)  (Sighs)  I can't tell what's more tragic,  the fact that the only store in town is closing,  or that they've  decided to display fungal cream beside the cereal boxes.
  That's actually really convenient,  because I forgot to have breakfast,  and I'm running low on fungal cream, so  I don't wanna hear you say fungal again.
  Fungal?  Yeah, it's like they knew what the consumer wanted,  and then ran in the opposite direction.
  Finding everything okay? Yes.
 Yeah.
  It's sad about the store.
  Thank you, it's been very hard.
  Yeah, I can imagine.
  Yeah, they just missed the mark, you know?  I mean, this store in the right hands  could be very lucrative.
  Uh huh, and by the right hands, you mean your hands?  Well, I mean someone with faultless taste  who understands what people want and need,  and if those happen to be my hands, then  So why don't you do something about it?  I'm pretty sure telling them  that they've driven their store into the ground  might be rubbing salt in the wound.
  No, I'm saying ever since you walked in here  you've been talking about how you would've done things differently,  so now's your chance.
  Okay, your eyebrows never move,  so I can't tell whether you're being serious or not.
  I think you should put what little money you have  where your mouth is.
  I do have a very good idea.
  What you lack in most things,  you make up for in unsubstantiated confidence.
  Okay, are we good to go?!  Jocelyn: Good morning, class.
  I'm sure you have all noticed  there's a new student in our midst.
  Let's give a warm welcome to Alexis Rose.
  She is here until the end of the semester  to finish her diploma.
  (Applause)  Okay, so let's open our books.
  Oh um, I'd just like to say a few words.
  Okay, we're actually just running a little bit behind.
  Hey.
 Oh.
  So as Jocelyn said, my name is Alexis,  and yes, I did not finish high school.
  Um, it's this long, boring story involving a yacht,  and a famous soccer player,  and like  a ton of mushrooms.
  Anyway, I think it would be so great  if we could just go around the room,  and everyone could tell me like,  five things about yourself.
  Jocelyn: Actually, we don't have time for that today.
  Maybe you could talk between classes,  or after school, or on the weekends.
  Yeah, totally.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
  So just find me after class, or  Ivan: Good morning, Twyla.
  Sorry I'm late, but I have morning muffins.
  Oh, thanks, Ivan.
  Yeah, they keep selling out.
  Ivan!  Bob's friend? Oh yeah!  Johnny Rose, remember?  Bagels, I know.
  Yes, yes, yes, yes, bagels.
  Oh, I see you have a new enterprise.
  Yeah, it was always my dream to bake muffins.
  Well, funny you should mention it,  because I'm thinking of  doing a continental breakfast at the motel,  and this could be uh very helpful.
  Yeah.
 I not make breakfast.
  No, no, no, a continental breakfast,  just pastries and coffee.
  No coffee.
  Oh, I wouldn't expect you to make the coffee.
  No, I make coffee, but only for myself.
  Yeah, no, no, it's just your muffins  that I'm interested in.
  I bake for Twyla.
  Oh, but it's always nice to have new customers.
  Yes, yes, I think we should talk about this, Ivan.
  Yeah, I'd love to see your operation.
  Uh yeah, yeah, yeah, just come by place  and I show you kitchen.
  Yes.
 Yeah.
 (Clearing his throat)  Well, yeah, okay.
 Good, yes.
  Ivan: Yes, see you.
 Twyla: Bye!  So long.
  Wow, this could be very exciting.
  You know, a continental breakfast could add  an extra star on our rating.
  Oh wow, so how many stars would that give you?  One.
  Roland: So, there are carols playing,  and it snows inside all day long.
  Gwen's gonna lose her mind!  Shh! Shh! Shh!  What now?!  No need to terminate your chitter-chatter  on our accounts.
  You gonna tell them, or should I?  Ladies, um we have some good news  Christmas world! Moving into town!  Bob, okay, there's a way to do these things,  and I'm the one who's supposed to lead these meetings,  all right? They wanna take over  the general store.
 Bob!  I'm sorry!  It's just, you know, it's big news.
  And what on earth is a Christmas World?  They sell Christmas stuff all year round.
  But is this really the kind of business  we want in this town?  You know, I have yet to find an ornament in there  that I'd put on my tree,  And I heard those little elves they have running around,  they're actually underage kids.
  Ladies, if we don't approve this,  then Christmas World will take its fake snow,  and its all-you-can-drink nog fountain to Elmdale!  Well, that makes our decision easy.
  Oh, Moira!  Moira, Moira, Moira.
  A word to the wise, okay?  You don't vote against Christmas.
  It's huge business.
  Tourist dollars!  Well, I'm not voting for it.
  Moira: I'm inclined to side with Veronica on this.
  (Roland groans)  All right, look guys, this is a big decision.
  Let's take a little time to think about it.
  It's-it's Christmas World!  We don't wanna get on their naughty list.
  (Chuckles)  (Bob laughs)  (Birds chirp)  Ivan: Oh.
  This is where I bake.
  I have three ovens.
  Is tradition in my family.
  We make vatritza, burek, gibantsa  and now I making uh, Danish, eclair,  American-style toaster popping tart.
  Wow, that sounds great, Ivan,  but I was thinking  cinnamon buns.
  You know, the smell of cinnamon  in the motel lobby, mmm!  Mr.
 Rose, for you, I can make anything.
  Great.
 Blueberry bun,  butter tart,  blueberry butter tart with raisin,  blueberry butter tart with chips of chocolate  Well, let's just stick with cinnamon buns for now,  and if this works,  we'll take it from there.
  And I'm giving you special price.
  Thank you.
  Because you know Twyla.
  Yes, I do.
  I watch you make her laugh.
  You watch me make her laugh?  Mhmm.
 Oh, so you  you like Twyla!  Oh, well, you should uh  talk to her, I guess.
  No, no, I can't.
  I try, but when I speak,  is like many, many muffin in my mouth.
  You talk for me?  Oh, no, no, no,  I wouldn't be too comfortable doing that, no.
  You just say nice thing.
  I'll give you cinnamon bun for free.
  You say, he's a good man,  hard worker, never hurt no one.
  Well, I wouldn't lead with that but uh  no, no, I think this is better coming from you.
  (Crickets chirp)  (Knocking)  Hmm?  So, I have some news.
  Oh David, I'm not sure I'm in the mood  to hear about another sexual exploit.
  I'm sorry, who is it this time?  I have actually been thinking about going back to work.
  That's wonderful!  You've received an offer?  Um, it's more of a plan for an idea  of a-a thing that I will be working at.
  Well, that sounds less concrete,  but full of promise, I'm sure.
  I know you've been moping about the motel for some time now.
  Mm,  decompressing.
  Um, and from that decompression  came the idea to start my own business.
  Hmm!  And just what is this exciting new venture?  I plan to submit a lease application  for the general store.
  Ha! Oh!  Can you imagine?  Not seizing on this opportunity.
  Well, I'll be investing some of the money  I got from the Blouse Barn.
  Mhmm, a bold decision.
  Especially since the previous business has since gone under.
  Dare I say,  the space might be cursed?  Okay, the general store was a disaster.
  And your plan is to raise it from the ashes?  Well, that's a risky move on the part of your investors.
  I don't have any investors.
  It's just me.
  Just you?  I am doing this all on my own.
  All on your own?  Yeah, I've actually given it a lot of thought.
  You have?  You're the that's been telling me to get back to work!  I did? Oh my God!  What, I'm simply asking questions!  No, you're not, you're just repeating random things  that I've been saying!  Oh, far be it from me to stand in your way  while you roll the dice with your hard-earned savings!  Thank you!  That's all you had to say.
  The only people who buy silver trees are serial killers,  and single men over 40,  and my cousin, who is a single man over 40.
  Oh, what a startling little tannenbaum.
  To whom do we owe our reciprocity  for this yuletide gift?  It says Christmas World right on it.
  Oh, I see!  Sometimes the eyes won't allow the brain  to see things at first.
  Like the cultural and economic benefits  of a seasonally specific store.
  Okay, what did they send you?  Nothing, I assure you.
  But when one considers the alternatives  Moira, are you caving on this?  I'm just thinking out loud.
  What if a young, independent  business person were to step in?  I worry, one worries,  you worry, are they too naive,  or overly coddled,  or emotionally precious  to handle the rigor of establishing a business?  Look, I uh  I don't wanna pressure anyone,  but uh  Gwen did tell me if I uh,  I don't get Christmas World passed,  I shouldn't come home.
  (Laughs)  I shouldn't I shouldn't come home.
  Okay, let's put it to a vote.
 Shall we?  All those in favor of Christmas World?  Hah! Done!  Thank you, Moira!  (Phone rings)  It's Gwen.
  The woman has a sixth sense.
  Hi honey, are you sitting down?  Trust me, it's for the best.
  It's happening!  (Laughs)  It's really happening!  Jocelyn: So here's the thing about Marie Antoinette.
  Even though I love to eat cake,  I think I'd be pretty annoyed with her myself.
  I do see your hand up Alexis,  it's just that you probably haven't had a chance  to catch up.
  Okay, it's just that she never actually said  "let them eat cake.
"  Um well, that depends on who you ask.
  Hmm, well, I asked Kirsten Dunst,  who played her in the movie.
  Um, that line was actually written years before  Marie Antoinette allegedly said it.
  And um, Kirsten also told me at the premiere  that she was jealous of my bangs.
  Thank you for that contribution  to the discussion, now  My friends used to call me Marie,  And that was mainly because I was casually  seeing Prince Harry, so there was the whole like,  is she gonna be a princess thing,  um, but it's also because we were going through  this very dark phase where we were just like,  partying too hard.
  Jocelyn: Thank you for your enthusiasm,  it's just that we have a lot to cover here.
  Girls?  What did I say about passing notes in class?  I'll see you both after school.
  You know who else passed notes?  This lady  passed a lot of secret notes,  and eventually was killed.
  Oh hi, how are you?  Very busy.
 How am I?! Terrific!  Aside from the fact that I caught wind  that Christmas World was moving into the general store.
  Just when I thought that the taste levels in this town  were already scraping the bottom of the barrel.
  Oh! Tell me about it.
  Hmm  So you can imagine my surprise when I found out  that the deciding factor in all of this  was my own mother!  It seems extremely off brand  to support a disgusting big box store like that.
  (Sighs)  David, sit, please.
  I know you think what I did was cruel,  but I was just protecting you.
  And I'd say you'll understand one day,  but you don't enjoy children,  so perhaps you won't.
  Okay, protect me from what?  From yourself.
  Your father and I have not prepared you  for an undertaking of this scope!  Okay, what about all the galleries?  Those were all me.
  I've run businesses before.
  Never on your own, and never without a safety net.
  I don't know how many times I have to thank you  for the start-up money!  But I opened those galleries myself.
  And who do you think bought all that art,  and sold out all your shows?  Uh, my patrons.
  And who do you think bought all your patrons?  (Gasps)  So you're telling me that my entire professional career  was a sham?!  We helped you because we could!  And now I realize that might not have been  the best thing for you or your autonomy, but  Okay, well, now I guess I'll never find out  if I could've succeeded on my own.
  David!  (Door bang shut)  (Slams)  (Sighs)  (Bell on door jingles)  Ivan: Hello, Mr.
 Rose.
  Cinnamon buns for you.
  Oh Ivan, thank you.
  Ohh! These smell amazing!  And I have muffins for Twyla.
  Oh.
 Yeah, I'm going to talk to her now.
  Good luck.
 Yeah.
  (Chuckles)  Hi, Ivan.
 Um  Here's the muffins.
  Goodbye.
 Yeah.
  Wow!  Mr.
 Rose,  I blow it.
  Oh, well, there's always tomorrow, Ivan.
  No, no, don't All right, have a seat.
  I always watch romantic movies.
  "Got Mail,"  "When Harry Met Sally,"  "Smell of Woman.
"  Yeah, Ivan, you don't want to be over-preparing.
  Oh.
 Hey, guys.
  What can I get you? I'm good man.
  Okay, and?  I'll have the waffles.
  And uh, eggs,  uh, uh,  what does dog say before the breakfast?  Bun appetite.
  Bun appetite.
  Bun  Bone appetit, I think it's a dog bone joke.
  Bun appetite.
  Eggs and waffles.
 Hmm, yes.
  Coming up.
  Yeah.
 I know.
  Oh, well  I think uh a little quality control on this  wouldn't hurt, huh? Yeah, yes.
  (Bell rings)  Hey, I think that we started out on the wrong foot.
  And like, I totally get it, there's a new girl in town,  and that can be super intimidating,  but I just wanted to let you know that I'm actually  very approachable.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  So why don't you just show me what that note says.
  Girls,  passing notes in class is not only disruptive  to the whole student body I started it.
  I passed the note to Steph M.
 And Becky.
  Alexis, if you're gonna be in this class,  you are gonna have to learn to be less disruptive.
  Now let's see what was so important.
  That really isn't necessary, Mrs.
 Schitt.
  "Alexis is too pretty,  and everyone's talking about the dress.
  So gorge.
"  Okay, I love that you're so confident,  Mhmm.
  It's just that we're going to have to focus  a little less on ourselves,  and a little more on the material.
  Totally.
  Okay.
  I stole this dress from Ashlee Simpson.
  Or like, she stole it from me, and then I stole it back.
  Do you wanna have lunch tomorrow?  Sure.
  I just find it extremely violating.
  Because your parents threw money at you?  Yes!  They paid for everything,  it's like a form of child abuse.
  Don't quote me on this,  but it seems like their intentions were good.
  I mean, they didn't buy all the good reviews  your galleries got.
  Who's to say?!  Yeah, I mean, they do give me a small weekly stipend  for hanging out with you, so  Ugh!  David, there you are.
  I come bearing good news.
  And what's that, your friends at Christmas World  are looking for a deeply embittered,  mildly Hebraic-looking elf?!  I thought you might like to know  that council has agreed to accept your application.
  What about Christmas World?  I had a very effective strategy  to change everyone's minds,  that I ultimately didn't get to use,  because Christmas World pulled out.
  This is good news!  I mean, yeah, if someone hadn't snuffed out  the last remaining embers of my self-confidence.
  Why don't you channel some of that charming self-pity  into a business plan, okay?  Because the lease is yours, David,  if you still want it.
  Which he does.
  If there's anyone in this town who might have the eye  to create something truly beautiful,  it's you, David.
  And me, but in this case, you.
  (Sighs)  Okay.
  I will submit my application.
  There's cinnamon buns in the lobby!  These are good.
  I know, where are these from?  Yeah, I got those for the motel.
  They're supposed to be for the guests!  Okay, well, they were just sitting there.
  Oh, they weren't just sitting there, Alexis,  they're the product of a lot of hard work!  Moira: John?  In here, Moira.
  There are cinnamon buns in the lobby!  Oh come on, Moira, Moira!  These are for the continental breakfast  we're offering at the motel!  Continental breakfast?  They're for the guests! How whimsical.
  It's a start, it's a start,  it's a big step.
  What exactly goes into a "continental breakfast?"  It's a breakfast, David,  it's a light breakfast with pastries and coffee.
  What's continental about that?  It's for business travelers,  travelling the continent,  eating breakfast, and  continental travelling.
  That doesn't sound even remotely correct.
  Well, it's European, Moira, so  Okay, come on, seriously!  There's only one left?!  I know, Stevie was eating the other one.
  Here, why don't you have this,  and I'll take the big one.
  It's all right, I'll take care of it.
  Well, I guess it would be wrong to serve the guests day-olds.
  You know this bun added a star to our rating?  How many did we have before?  Not the point!    LittleDuck     

                




                    			1 (Birds chirp)  Johnny: Listen, I've gotta step out for a bit,  I told Stevie if she needed any help  Well, where are you off to?  To pick up the motel coasters.
  Oh, you were serious.
  Yeah, custom coasters  are a very effective marketing tool.
  Says who?! The guy who invented custom beer cozies?  Coasters work.
 Yes, the last thing we want to do  is stain these exquisite table tops.
  Moira, you're having a drink,  you glance down at your coaster,  it says, "tweet us on Facebook!"  Or uh, "leave us a review!"  And you say, yeah, yeah,  okay, I think I will.
  Is that what it says?  Yes David, that's what it says,  you're not the only one with an online presence.
  No, no Well, aren't you Mr.
 Futuristic!  Listen, we had samples made.
  Take a look.
  There's no address on this.
  Oh, wow!  Aren't we stuck in the Dark Ages.
  Huh? Let me break it down for you, junior.
  If they're at the motel using the coasters,  they don't need to know where the motel is.
  Um, I was referring to a web address.
  Or a Twitter handle.
  Oh.
  Hmm, that might be something you'd wanna put on there.
  Or a Facebook page.
  All right, let me write this down.
  Or a hashtag.
  A hashtag? Is that two words?  No, it's not.
   (Birds chirp, cars rumble)  (Knocks)  Hi, sorry to bother you.
  I'm afraid Mr.
 Rose has just stepped out,  He's gone to get coasters.
  Yeah, wait, he said that you might be available to help.
  Did he?! It's just that we have um,  a bunch of guests checking in,  and I could really use some help.
  Now! Now?  Well then, I am here for you, Stevie.
  Uh, let's see  something in a supervisory capacity, perhaps?  Then you can work the front desk.
  Ooh, receptionist work is not my strong suit,  that's more Alexis' bailiwick.
  The other option is changing the sheets,  and mattress covers.
  Then I shall keep watch over this front desk.
  (Door slams)  (Students chatter)  Jocelyn: Okay, I'll see you after lunch.
  Alexis, do you mind sticking around for a minute?  Okay.
  (Clears throat)  I'm assuming that you know why I wanna talk to you today?  Is it because I was texting in class?  Uh, nope.
  I wanna talk about your paper.
  There are parts of this that sound like  they've been written by someone else.
  Oh my God, thank you! No, no, no.
  I'm saying that I think it's plagiarized.
  Are you sure you wrote this yourself?  Trust me, if I could've gotten someone else  to write this, I would've.
  I definitely wrote this.
  Okay, there are just parts of this  that make me think that's not true.
  For example,  "we should begin by scrutinizing  the duplicitousness of such businesses,  whose practices, or lack thereof,  can only be described as untoward.
"  Duplicitousness?!  I can barely say that.
  And untoward?  Okay, yeah, no, I did not write this.
  Can I see?  Okay, here's what we're gonna do.
  Can you just look? Can eyes, eyes!  Hi.
 You're gonna write a new paper,  and I am gonna grade that one instead.
  Otherwise it's a fail.
  Okay, like, I didn't even choose this font!  It's horrible.
    Okay, look at her.
  But don't really look at her, look at me.
  Look at her, and look at me.
  Oh, that's good, that's good, closer.
  Closer.
  Yeah, we had an appointment this morning.
  Okay, here we go, one, two  oh, that was good.
  Uh remind me, are you here for a photo series,  or travel planning,  or our newest service,  closet organization?  Um, I'm here to file my incorporation papers  for my business.
  Oh, that's right.
 Patrick!  Uh, B13.
  Ah, this is for you.
  Patrick.
 David.
  David Rose, you bought the General Store.
  Leased.
  Leased the General Store, yeah.
  That's a big deal.
 Is it?  Yeah, it's pretty big.
  Yeah, you wanna have a seat?  Ray: Your parents tell me you're very sporty,  so Will, why don't you grab the paddle,  and Theresa, a badminton racket?  So, why don't we start with the name of the business?  Oh um, I'm oscillating  between two names at the moment,  so if we could just leave that one blank,  that would be great.
 Sure, sure.
  Give you more time to oscillate.
  Um, business address?  Okay, so I'm working on that.
  Um, I'm currently staying in a motel,  and I think it might be confusing if I gave you  the address to another business.
  Y-Yeah, for sure.
  We'll leave that blank as well.
  Battin' a thousand here, David.
  I don't know what that means.
 (Laughs)  Hey, here's an easy one.
  A brief description of the business.
  Um well, it's-um,  it's a General Store,  but it's also a very specific store.
  Huh.
 And it's also not just a store,  it's like a place where people can come and get coffee,  um, or drinks, but it's not a coffee shop,  nor is it a bar.
  Okay, so we're pretty clear on what it's not.
  Yeah, it's an environment.
 Um  And yes, we will be selling things,  but it's more like  more like a branded immersive experience.
  Right, I love the buzzwords, David,  but I do need to put something down here.
  Okay, you couldn't use anything I just said?  I'll tell you what.
 Why don't you take these home with you,  and just fill them out when you have a  a clearer idea of what you want to do with your business.
  Okay, um  I do have a clear idea.
  Oh! You've settled on a name, then?  Um you're either very impatient,  or extremely sure of yourself.
  I threw you a bit of a change-up there, huh?  Yeah, again, I don't know what that means,  I don't play cricket.
  (Laughs)  Look, take this, it's my card,  and I feel like you will need it.
  Uh, you know what, I think I'm good.
  Um, so thank you for this.
  It's nice to meet you, David.
  Yeah.
  Ray: Okay Teresa, remember to breathe!  (Door slams)  (Car whooshes by)  I'd like to check in, please.
  Oh my God, where did you come from?  I said hello twice.
  Well, hello, hello, then.
  Here you go, room three.
  Uh, don't you need my credit card?  My associates will deal with all that when you depart.
  Also, how many beds are in the room?  Two.
  Would it be possible to get a cot,  or a roll away bed put in the room?  Oh, you're expecting company?  No, I use it to lay out my clothes.
  The chest of drawers should suffice, no?  I like to see all my clothes at once.
  Might the other bed not do?  Yes  Except I haven't decided which bed to sleep in,  so that's tricky.
  Really, the cot would be best.
  A cot it is, then.
 Thank you.
  Oh, and are the pillows feather, or foam?  Yes.
 Sorry, which one?  I don't care.
 I'm sorry?  I don't know!  I'm not entirely versed on the contents  of the motel's pillow collection.
  I was just asking.
  And I'm very much looking forward  to the moment when that stops!  Well! Enjoy your stay.
  (Door rattles)  (Birds chirp)  Johnny: Oh hi, honey!  How was school?  Um, not great.
  Jocelyn failed my economics paper.
  What?!  You worked so hard on that!  Yeah, which is why it was super upsetting  when she said it wasn't good.
  She what? Yeah, she said it was bad.
  No, sorry, um  "poorly written, and under-researched.
"  Well, that's just not true!  Well, you have to go back and tell Jocelyn  that information was founded  on practical experience in the field!  It should've been founded on my research.
  Oh, well yes, I'm sure  Well, your research was all over it.
  Dad, what did you do to my paper?!  I didn't do anything!  I didn't do anything with your paper.
  Your laptop was open, I did  a little editing, nothing major.
  I've been accused of plagiarism!  What? Yeah!  Jocelyn thought I cheated because "someone"  used words like duplexity,  and backtowards!  Untoward.
 Whatever!  And now I have to do the whole thing again,  when my original paper was totally fine!  Well, it wasn't totally fine, honey.
  There was questionable grammar,  and a few spelling mistakes, and I mean  Dad! All right, I'll back off.
  Thank you!  Just out of curiosity,  did she happen to say anything about that quote  from Lee lacocca?  (Suitcase rattles)  That's for you.
  Those are the clean sheets.
 No, I know.
  Um, so I went to incorporate earlier today,  and some guy basically told me  that my business was a failure.
  What?! Yeah!  Who told you that? Some guy who's working at Ray's.
  Some guy who's working at Ray's told you your business was a failure?  Basically, yeah.
  Oh well, what did he say?  He told me to come back to him  once I had a clearer idea of what my business was.
  And then he told you it was a failure?  Well no, not like Not exactly.
  I'm sorry, I'm just trying to figure out  when he called your business a failure.
  Okay, maybe he didn't call my business a failure,  but it was insinuated.
 Okay.
  So you know that I think your business is a good idea,  and you know that I mean that,  because I'm incapable of faking sincerity.
  I'm also just incapable of sincerity in general.
  Okay, you know what, I'm going through it right now,  and I actually think that I might've been the one  that insinuated that my business was a failure.
  Wait, you blew something out of proportion?  No, what if he's right?  I am sitting on a big, empty space,  and I couldn't even tell him what I wanted to do with it!  You're freaking out.
 Uh  Because you know what you wanna do with your business,  you have walked me through it one too many times.
  So he was probably just trying to help.
  No, I mean, he was very snippy.
  Okay, um  I found this under the bed in room two,  so do you wanna take a break?  That's disgusting!  Uh, and yes.
 Yeah.
    (Dog barks in the distance)  (Chair clatters)  (Footsteps thud)  (Chair clatters)  (Cars rumble outside)  (Tapping)  Hi David, it's Patrick.
  I um-was just calling to run my business plan  uh, by you in a little more detail.
  So feel free to give me a call back,  and I will be happy to walk you through it.
  Okay, ciao.
  Ciao! I said ciao to that person.
  Hi Patrick,  Yeah, I think I I think I called you David.
  Which that's not that's not your name.
  You can just delete that text,  the-the voice-mail that I left you.
  Um, just thought it might be a good idea  to give you some background information about  the-the store.
  It's basically a General Store.
  Um, that will support local artists  under the brand of the store,  which-which would also be my brand-oh.
  (Phone dings)  Sorry, I just got a text.
  Oh God!  Yeah, the text cut us off.
  Oh my god!  (Door opens, slams)  Well, at least I finished my book.
  Moira, what happened this morning?  John, you'd be so proud of me.
  I manned that front desk with the vigor  of a wartime radio operator.
  Really?!  I checked in one whole guest.
  Answered his questions, and believe me,  it was a laundry list!  I see, and is there any chance you might've been  a little brisk with this guest?  Not in the slightest.
  It was a master class in patience.
  Moira, I just got an alert,  that someone has posted a terrible review of this motel.
  Oh no, John!  Well dear, if I've learned anything from the theater,  it's whatever they say,  you cannot take it personally.
  Yeah, I'm pretty sure this is not about me.
  "I was served by an intimidating woman at the front desk,  with an unrecognizable accent,  and scary-looking attire.
"  And what might this have to do with me?  Moira? Oh, that  fussy little (Bleep)!  After niggling me with relentless demands!  It doesn't matter!  Our job is to welcome people,  to make them feel at home!  I did!  John, do you know a better hostess?  You're gonna have to talk to him!  Apologize! You can't be serious!  Moira, one bad review could sink this motel!  We had four good reviews,  and this just brought down the whole average!  Okay, John.
  For you I will talk to that odious little man,  and set things straight.
  Good.
 But unlike him,  I will not hide behind the internet!    (Cars rumble)  Hi.
  Um  So I messed up my form.
  And I'm going to need another  form from you.
  Oh, okay.
  What?  Nothing, I'm just uh,  I'm so glad you made such good use of my business card.
  I'm sorry I didn't pick up, I was at a thing.
  Well, best you didn't.
  But I got all your messages.
  Ah, um, and just listened to the first one,  and then erased the rest?  No, no, no, no.
 No?  No, I listened to all of them,  I kinda had to, to piece them together.
  Actually, I played them for a few friends of mine,  I was at a birthday party,  so there were a lot of people weighing in.
  Okay, um  Just kidding, I didn't play them for anybody.
  I thought the first few were very humorous, David,  and then I lost interest.
  I may have played them here on speaker phone.
  Okay.
  Can I just get the paperwork, and then I can  You know, the good thing about the messages  was that I was able to get enough information  to fill out your forms.
  Oh.
  I wish I could remember.
  It's a good idea, your business.
  Re-branding local products and crafts,  it's very inventive.
  Thanks.
 And I like the name.
  "Rose Apothecary," you know,  it's just pretentious enough.
  Would we call that pretentious,  or timeless?  So I'll call you when I hear something.
  And hey, if I don't get a hold of you,  I'll just uh,  leave a message.
  Okay, thanks.
  Ciao!  (Door thuds)  Hard at it, huh?  Mhmm.
  You know honey, I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry for interfering, I was only trying to help.
  Why couldn't you have helped me cheat in private school,  like everyone else's parents?!  Because I wasn't around to help you cheat back then,  and I regret it!  The not being around, I mean.
  And I think that's part of the reason  I wanted to help you cheat this time.
  Although  I don't really consider it cheating.
  Mmm.
 okay, well, it is.
  It is, but is it  really plagiarism to take something your dad wrote,  and put it in your paper, and claim it as your own?  Yes, that's exactly what it is.
  Well  I'm sorry.
  And I may have underestimated you before,  but that is certainly not the case now.
  Thank you.
  And you know why, honey? Because you're better  "than" that.
  Thank you.
  N-No, you're better  "than" that.
  Okay, I'm better then that.
  Not better then that, better  than that.
  Okay, I don't know what you're talking about right now!  All right, well if you don't want my help,  "than" I guess I'll leave.
  Okay, thank you!  Okay, I'll see you later "than.
"  Bye!  Ugh!  (Coins rattle)  (Can clunks)  Hi.
  The drinks out of this machine are very cold.
  Oh, good.
 Too cold.
  When I hold them, they sting my hands.
  We'll have to find you some mittens.
  I'm quite prone to frostbite.
  I know you wrote that review.
  It's my responsibility to relate my experience  to other customers.
 Is it?  I didn't even mention that the hot water runs brown for three seconds.
  All right, I'll agree,  this motel could use some improvements.
  But your review will scare off the guests we need  to afford those improvements.
  I was just being honest.
  I see.
  Then I suppose I should be honest.
  My daughter married a man who turned out to be her uncle.
  I'm sorry?  The lowlife uncle she believed to have been executed  years before by the Indian cartel.
  This is all on my ex-husband's side,  I'm good people, and so's my daughter.
  She had nothing to do with Raven's accident.
  When the Bangalores finally found Dagger,  and gave him what he deserved,  they threatened to burn down the motel,  and leave my pregnant baby penniless.
  This motel?  She begged them to let her keep this place,  and she promised them a cut of the profits in return.
  They laughed, and left,  but not without first shaving all her beautiful hair!  When people ask me, why do you work here for nothing?  I tell them, this is my flesh and blood!  I do this for her!  Nothing! She is my everything!  Okay, wow, I had no idea.
  I can take down that review.
  Oh, I I'll take it down.
  Oh, do what you must.
  (Sobs)  (People chatter, dishes clink)  Good morning, Roses.
  I just wanted to pop by to congratulate Alexis  on her economics paper.
  Johnny: Oh honey, that's great news!  Our little woman of academia!  David: I would love to read this economics paper.
  I will admit that your thesis  of "why shop in store when you can buy online"  was a little off-topic,  but still a really fresh take.
  Thank you.
  Well, look at you, Alexis, acing your paper!  Oh, no, no, God no.
  I gave her a solid C plus.
  Oh, so she did write it herself.
  It was a noticeable improvement  over the first paper.
  Um well, I should hope so!  Well, m-maybe not a noticeable improvement,  but um, a different improvement.
  No, no, this one was definitely better.
  Because no one helped her write it.
  Enjoy your breakfast.
  David: Mm!  Have you seen Dad's coasters?  "Follow us on tweeters!"  Tweeters!  We're going to get lots of disciples, dear.
      

                




                    			1 John, do you have the car keys?  Do I have the car keys? No.
 No.
  But according to the sign-out sheet,  I was the last person to use the car.
  Well, that's not very helpful, John.
  You're the only one using the sign-out sheet.
  Well, that's not true.
  Stevie's got her name on the sheet.
  Wait a minute, why is Stevies name on the sheet?  She's got her own car.
  David! Do you know where the car keys are?  Yeah, I have them.
  Oh, well, then why isn't your name on the sign-out sheet.
  Because you're the only one using that sign-out sheet.
  David, I need the car keys,  your father is driving me to Thornbridge.
  I'm driving you to Thornbridge?  To that municipalities conference.
 Yes.
  I thought Roland offered to drive you.
  Oh, he did.
 But no thanks.
  I can't take four hours in the truck with Roland  and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
  Okay, Alexis and I need the car,  we're running some errands for the store today.
  Um, since when?  Uh, since I need help for a pick-up.
  And mom clearly already has a lift,  and I'm pretty sure parents are supposed to  put their children before themselves.
  Oh really? No.
  If airplane safety videos have taught me anything, David,  it's that a mother puts her on own mask on first.
  Ah, see, and that's precisely why we have the sign-out sheet.
  For this kind of dispute.
  Okay.
 Fine.
  Now my name is on the list.
  And there's a sheep farm that's expecting us in 20 minutes  for a pick-up of wool throws.
  No, no, no.
 No, no.
  Your mother already expressed a verbal intention  to use the car.
  Okay, we're gonna have the car back in a few hours.
  Okay.
 Well, I might need it for a few hours  after that though.
  Fine, we'll just keep it for the day.
  John!  You people are abusing the system.
  It's not a difficult system.
  Moira, look at this.
  Under purpose of trip he writes "driving.
"    (Low hum of chatter)  (Phone rings)  Whoa, hold it right there.
  I want to see the look on your face  when you walk into your first regional association  of municipalities conference.
  And there it is.
  Ah, name tags.
  Let's get suited up.
  Thank you but no, Roland.
  I won't wear anything with an adhesive backing.
  Ah-ha.
  Oh, hey, Moira, look over there.
  You see that guy over there? The well dressed one?  That's Gavin Mccrae.
  Mayor of Thornbridge.
  Hm.
 You mean the one serving drinks to the other people?  Okay.
 Maybe he's the other guy over there.
  Also very well dressed.
  Well, now you've identified the catering staff.
  (Chuckles)  Moira please, this is RAMC.
  These are the people  with their fingers on the button of everything  from road salting to quarry inspection to  water tower repair.
 Hmm.
  I mean, it's really kinda scary  that we're all in here under one roof.
  Oh, it's frightening.
 Yes.
  Yeah.
 Well, I'm gonna need you in there,  by my side when we make this budget pitch.
  You don't have to worry about me, Roland.
  If there is anyone at this fabulous little confab  who know how to work a room of fragile egos, it's me.
  I once hosted the non-televised portion  of the People Choice Awards.
    This is a actually a great idea, David.
  Consolidating all of your products under one label  instills brand recognition and create synergy.
  Um, I'm sure you're very excited  about all the new words you're learning  in your high school intro to business course,  but I think a more effective use of your time right now,  would be to go and get the hand cream  that I asked you to get ten minutes ago.
  I got the hand cream.
  Yeah.
 The box of hand cream.
  I asked you to get the box of hand cream,  not sample the hand cream.
  That's like 53 pounds.
  Why are you here?  You know what I think would be really cute  is if I had my own little label, like, under your label.
  Yeah And I can sell festival wear,  and I can sell like hair feathers and body jewelry  David.
  (Door opens)  Wow, things are really coming together in here.
  Oh, um, we're actually not open yet.
  But that's so sweet.
 Thank you.
  We've been working very hard.
  Well, I'm actually not here to shop.
  I'm-I'm Patrick.
  I'm just dropping off David's business license.
  Oh, isn't that just the cutest thing.
  Um, David's in the back.
  But I am Alexis,  And I'm currently studding business  And I'm David's sister and life coach so.
  Well, it's great to meet you, Alexis.
  Uh, I'm sorry if my hands are too soft.
  I've just been sampling a lot of product.
  So really soft.
  They are.
  Reporter: Excuse me, Mrs.
 Rose,  if I may, just a couple of questions.
  Were you surprised to secure such a big funding boost  for the municipalities?  That was quite the speech.
  Oh Thank you.
 Thank you.
  (Laughs)  What did I do?  Well, I was simply channeled someone who cares,  but if you insist on referring to me as the linchpin.
  I'll take that.
  That's right.
 We're  We're just a couple linchpins here.
  I'm Roland Schitt, Moira's boss  Yes, I'll I'm the ingenue here.
  A total babe in the political woods.
  That's true.
 You know, this is her first RAMC.
  But I think under my wing, she's-she's learning to fly.
  I've been mayor for ten years Thank you.
  And I did Okay, we'll talk when you have more time do  There she is! The woman of the hour!  Oh my God, now they're crowning me with titles.
  Join us for drinks in the diamond club.
  In the diamond club?  Hm.
 That sounds grand.
  It's the hotel bar.
  They have a special RAMC cocktail.
  It's a sparkling white Russian.
  The trick is to get it down before it curdles.
  As appealing as you make that sounds, Roland,  I think I'll just go to my room.
  Oh, come on!  Look, I never get this kind of  I mean, our town doesn't get recognized like this very often  and this time it's for something really positive.
  Okay.
 One drink.
  This means a lot to you, doesn't it?  Yes, and to you.
  (Buzz of chatter getting louder)  (Chanting) Moira! Moira! Moira!  Isn't it so soft? It is.
  Whoa, might be tying it a little too tight there.
  Uh, that is actually cat hair.
  There's a Himalayan breeder up the street  that knits them for us.
 Hi.
  Hi.
 I'm just dropping off your business license.
  And activating my allergies.
  Oh, In that case you should probably take that off.
  Yeah.
 Like now! Oh.
 Oh!  Isn't that the sweet thing, that he framed it.
  Um.
 It is very sweet.
  Thank you, Patrick.
  Actually, they they all come framed.
  Okay, thank God.
  Because I was just thinking that this frame  is a little too corporate for my brand.
  David, I was just about to sample  the unisex Mennonite cologne on Patrick.
  Um, that's not a sample.
  And you've sampled half the store at this point.
  So we need to sell all this stuff.
  Okay, well I flattened out the lip balm.
  So no one's gonna notice.
  There's a lot of stuff in here, David.
  You don't wanna spend too much money up front.
  Yeah, that's not good, David.
  You have to be prepared to survive a year  without making any profit.
  Actually, the textbooks now say eighteen months.
  Well, what are the textbooks saying  about curating a selection of products from local vendors  and selling them on consignment in a one-stop-shop  retail environment,  that benefits the vendor and the customer?  Well, I don't have my textbook on me.
  I stand corrected.
  Listen, if you need help, I-I'm happy to help.
  Why? Alexis is here helping.
  Well, no.
 If Patrick has offered to move all the boxes,  then I think we should let him.
  Is that what I offered?  Okay, well, thank you, Patrick.
  You're welcome.
  Um, Okay.
 So you can start by moving  all of those big things of hand cream.
  (Footsteps creak lightly)  (Mouths) What?  (Crickets chirp)  Moira: (Drunkenly) It's all so unbelievable, John!  I had forgotten what it was like to be feted.
  Moira?  What?! I can, I can hardly hear you, John!  The cheering and accolades are drowning out your gentle voice.
  Oh, I take it things went well?  I'm a game-changer, Jo  Hey oh! Uh  Oh, Gavin's brought out the hard stuff.
  So darling, I must sign off.
  All right, well, have fun, sweetheart,  and don't get too carried away.
  I'm networking, John!  Do you know that I'm actually good at this!  Who are you talking to?  It's my husband!  (All start booing)  Was that for me?  Why am I-why am I getting booed?  That's Wait! That's my man, Johnny!  Hey Johnny, it's Roland!  Hey, we're all here at RAMC!  You should be here, Mary-something is here  Gavin is here The road salt guy  Yeah.
 Okay, Roland.
  Good.
 I'm having a bit of a night myself here.
  Come on!  Stop, I have to talk to my husband.
  John.
 John.
  Moira, you know, it might be time for a coffee.
  And I'm gonna let you go now.
  And have fun, sweetheart.
  We'll see you in the morning.
  Goodbye, phone call!  Goodbye, my darling.
  All right.
 Goodnight, sweetheart.
  Oh, Moira, by the way, I just picked up the new  (Phone hangs up)  (Loud music and party chatter and laughter)  (Dial tone) Okay.
  (Hangs up)  John, shut the blinds.
  Johnny, please.
  (Waking groans)  Moira? Hm?  (Moira screams) Oh Oh  Roland! What are you doing in my room?  What are you talking about? This is my room.
  Well, what the (Bleep) are you doing in your room?  Well, I was trying to sleep.
  Until you started pounding on the door,  telling me to whip up a salmon plate.
  I finally let you in, you flaked out on the bed.
  Oh my God.
  Are you naked under there?  Honey, what I do in the privacy of my sheets  is my own business.
  Oh, no.
 No God, no.
  Oh, God, no.
  No, dear God.
 Welcome to RAMC.
  (Roland laughs)  (Moira whimpers) Oh, my God No!  (Bell jungles over door)  (Music plays quietly, dishes clank)  Jocelyn!  Almost didn't recognize you over there.
  Hey Johnny.
  It's been a morning,  but I don't have to tell you that.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
 You've had a tough morning?  You're handling this way better than I am.
  Handling what better?  Roland and Moira, sleeping together.
  (Laughs) What?!  At the conference last night.
  Yeah.
 No, no!  Let's just go back to that previous sentence.
  Ah, when you say they slept together  Well, Roland says that they just slept  in the same bed together.
 Ah-ha.
  And he says that nothing happened,  so I'm just trying to, you know, process all of this.
  Oh yes.
 Well  Aren't we all.
  I mean, I'm-I'm hearing about this for the first time.
  Moira didn't tell you?  You know, we chatted this morning  about how successful the night was,  but sleeping with your husband  didn't really come up as one of the reasons  the night was so successful.
  And we probably shouldn't read anything  into the fact that for some reason,  Moira decided to hide this from you.
  Oh, no, no.
 I wouldn't say "hide.
"  No, no.
  Because Moira was so exhausted when she got in this morning.
  Maybe she was exhausted because she was up all night  with her mitts all over No! No.
 No! No.
  I know Moira and she would never in a million years ever  sleep with  Anyone.
 Else.
  It's just that I know what it's like  to be in bed with a naked Roland Schitt,  and I am powerless against that.
  He was naked?  He sleeps naked every night.
  Do you wanna order some thing to put chocolate sauce on?  No.
  (Marker rasps)  Um, David, I can swing by the store  and help out after school, if you want.
  I also may need more of that lip balm that I liked.
  Okay.
 Um, I think we've had enough of your help.
  And unless you planning on purchasing that lip balm  you're won't be getting the lip balm.
  Okay.
 It's called sweat equity, David.
  I learned about this week.
  And that's when you help someone out  and then they give you lip balm  or whatever else you might need  in exchange for your time and energy.
  I think you might actually need to break a sweat,  in order to earn sweat equity.
  Okay, what if I got Patrick to break a sweat for me.
  That's called outsourcing, outsourcing  Are you passing this economics course?  Yes.
 Yeah.
  Yes, I'm pretty sure.
  Okay.
 Um, if you really want the lip balm that bad  there are a few things around the store  that I could use your help with.
  Just an FYI, Patrick won't be there.
  So there won't be anybody for you  to flirtatiously boss around.
  Okay, I hate to break this to you, David,  but there will always be somebody for me  to flirtatiously boss around.
  So what was going on there?  Oh, nothing.
  He hasn't even asked for my phone number,  which in my experience,  means he's either newly married or he's gay.
  Okay  So like if you're sensing a vibe or something,  maybe that means that his eye for somebody else  He's a business major who wears straight leg,  mid-range denim.
  He's not into me.
  Okay, well it's either that or he's really into your store,  which no offense seems a lot less likely to me.
  Okay.
  I think you missed a spot on that page with the highlighter.
  Where?  (Beer pouring)  (Door opens)  Hello, Moira.
  Hello there, love of my life!  Funny thing.
 I just ran into Jocelyn.
  Oh.
 How is Jocelyn?  Oh, she was a little upset.
  Apparently her husband, Roland,  spent the night with you.
  I know, wasn't that funny?  Moira!  When were you gonna tell me about this?  Ah, we talked about it this morning, John!  We laughed about it.
  We didn't laugh about it.
  Because we didn't talk about it.
  I would have remembered if you had said  something that funny.
  It's inconsequential, John  Just let it go.
 I have.
  May I ask what you are doing?  Oh, I've decided to cut down on my drinking.
  Unrelated, I assume?  To what?  To you sleeping with Roland last night.
  Okay.
 This joke has played itself out.
  It was humorous this morning.
  We didn't talk about it this morning!  Obviously.
  I didn't tell you anything because I was embarrassed.
  I was riding high, John,  apparently really high,  After winning what some people called a landmark victory  for this and many other towns.
  Then I woke up in the last place I'd ever wanted to be.
  Well, can't say I'm not glad to hear you say that.
  Oh John, I owe an apology to you.
  And to sober people everywhere.
  Well, I knew it was nothing happened, Moira, it's  Just I was getting a feeling  you weren't taking this very seriously.
  If I weren't, John, would I be pouring this out.
  (Beer pouring)  Moira, that's my beer!  You don't even drink beer!  It's symbolic, John.
  (Door opens) (Traffic whirs)  Oh-oh.
  I take it you're here to tell me  that my business license has been revoked.
  No, no.
 You're all good.
  Okay.
 Um  My sister isn't,  isn't here so  I'm not here for your sister.
  Okay.
  You know I've been thinking about all this  and these products that Alexis was showing me yesterday  were actually really impressive,  I mean the whole model is actually very sustainable  Thank you.
  But I think you're gonna need more start-up money.
  Oh.
 More start-up money.
  Hm.
 Um  And where do you think I'll get that money?  Well, when you're supporting local business,  there are grants that you can apply for.
  And I would be happy to assist you with those applications.
  Well, that is very um very generous.
  Well, I wouldn't be doing it for free.
  See, if these grants came through,  you'd have the money to start paying me.
  Okay.
 Um  I really think you have something here, David.
  You just, you just need some help.
 You need a lot of help  Okay.
 Um  Well, uh, then yes  I am open to entertaining  your investment offer.
  Great.
  And in the interest of us potentially working together  I did want to come clean about something.
  Okay.
  I um  I actually picked out that frame.
  I see.
  So thank you for making it very clear  that I will be making the creative decisions  for the store.
  Um, and I guess you can handle all the business stuff.
  I'm very comfortable with that.
  Okay.
  Um, and you do know that if the grant money  doesn't come through, then I won't  Oh, I'm gonna get the money.
  Okay.
  (Crickets chirp)  (Knocking)  Hello, Johnny.
 Roland.
  Johnny, me and six of my closest friends  were hoping we could have a little chat.
  Well, it's awfully late.
  Johnny, I'm talking about the beer.
  No, I know, I know, you're talking about the beer.
  It's just that Moira's in the shower.
  She's been showering most of the day, actually.
  Good,  because I think it's best that we talk man-to-man.
  (Beer pops open) Ahh  (Slurping)  Jocelyn and I spoke,  and she told me you're still pretty upset, huh?  Look, if anyone was upset it was Jocelyn.
  I was just upset because Jocelyn was upset.
  All right, pal.
  Well, I'm here to put your mind at ease, okay?  I am 99.
999% sure  that nothing happened between me and your wife.
  I'm 100% sure and I wasn't even there!  Well, I sure was.
  (Laughing)  All of me.
  You know, I spent 35 minutes this morning  inspecting every inch of my body for bite marks,  back scratches, lipstick prints.
  And I couldn't find anything.
  Well, there was this one thing on the bottom of my foot,  but I think that may have been there before.
  I really don't know.
  You know what, Roland,  I think I'm gonna ask you to leave.
  Because Moira's coming out soon and I really don't   want to tempt fate twice.
  I got it.
  No, no.
 I don't think you do got it.
  And not to put too fine a point on it, Roland,  but my wife would never go out for a burger  when she has a strong penchant for steak.
  Good night, Roland.
 Breakfast tomorrow, right?  Good night, Roland.
 Okay.
  Don't worry it's only me.
  Ha ha, very droll, Mr.
 Rose.
  Thought I'd announce myself  just in case you were expecting somebody else.
  Is living with that blackout not punishment enough?  (Chuckles) You know I meant to ask, Moira,  what were the amenities like in that hotel room?  High-pressured water, down pillows?  I'll never know.
  I had my one chance at a proletarian oasis  and I squandered it, passed out Roland a bed.
  You slept with Roland?  No, she-she didn't.
  She found herself in his bed.
  Mom slept with Roland? Yes.
 Apparently.
  I will not be tried and condemned  by the likes of you two.
  So what's gonna happen now? Yeah.
  Is there gonna be like a custody battle over us?  David, stop.
  We gonna have to like spend weekends  over at Roland's now, or?  Goodnight, Alexis.
  Do we call him uncle Roland?  All right, that is enough, David.
  No.
 I mean, I get it, Roland is the mayor,  and it's very difficult to work with someone  who you're attracted to.
  Yeah.
 Like you and Ted?  No! I'm making fun of mom and dad right now, David.
  And we're done.
 Back to your room.
  Um, I just want you to know  that no matter what anyone says,  you will always be our first dad.
  Good night.
 Okay.
     I want to see how     

                




                    			1 Family! I have exciting news!  Oh Good.
 David, I hoped you were home.
  Thanks.
  You're aware of the extraordinary work  of New York-Based photographer Sebastien Raine?  You mean my ex?  When did you date Sebastien Raine?  They dated for like a month and a half  and David got very upset about it.
  Okay, It was almost three months.
  Four, if you include the month  that he was seeing other people.
  And you met him through me.
  That's nonsense.
  I met Sebastien Raine at an art opening years ago.
  At my gallery.
  And can you please stop saying his full name.
  He's a monster, who uses people,  and leaves them for dead.
 Yeah.
  I hate to play contrarian, David, but The Times and I,  both consider Sebastien Raine a dear friend.
  Remember when he dumped you?  And you ate all those mall pretzels,  and watched "Bridget Jones's Diary"  every day for a year.
  It wasn't a whole year,  And I will not feel shame about the mall pretzels.
  Okay, that's enough news for today.
  Ummm no, what about him?  He's coming here.
  What? Wha Why?  Sebastien Raine wants to collaborate on a project.
  With me.
  And you know his commitment to his work.
  He's willing to come all the way here.
  When flying me to New York would be a lot easier.
  And a welcome escape.
  But Sebastien Raine puts his subjects first.
  And he told me I must respect that.
  Okay.
 You know what? I don't care.
  So you can do whatever you like.
  I could cancel,  but you just told me you don't care  so now I have no choice but to meet him.
   (Door opens)  I think he's coming.
  So could you please go to the window and check for me?  Who's he? Uh, Sebastien Raine.
  He's most likely wearing a very expensive sweater,  that doesn't look very expensive.
  Is he like, really  Really handsome in a homeless-y way sort of way? Yes.
  Yup.
 Then he is coming here.
  Oh, he is? Okay.
  He's walking.
 He's walking.
  He's walking towards here.
 Where is he walking to?  And now he's coming in Now he's coming in  and so he's here.
 (Door opens)  He's here.
 All right.
  David.
  Oh Wow.
  This is  exactly how I pictured it.
  Sebastien.
  Ah You're-you're here.
  I thought you were supposed to be with my mother.
  So good to see you.
  Look at you You look really  Healthy.
  Thanks.
  I can't believe this is where you live.
  I think you're brave.
  Hi.
  Stevie.
  I like your sweater.
  You must be David's girlfriend.
  No No, I own The Motel,  so that makes me more like your landlord?  No.
 It doesn't.
  Stevie, Stevie.
 Stevie.
  I'd love to Polaroid you naked one day.
  Okay.
  Okay?!  David, I'm thinking maybe I'll stay the night,  so I hope we can, you know catch up.
  Yeah, I'm super busy these days  Yeah, I just feel like we have unfinished business, you and I.
  Room five is available.
  Room five sounds great.
  So brave.
  Hm-hm.
  So brave.
 Okay.
    (Door opens)  (Dishes clatter) (Motown music plays)  Moira!  Sebastien Raine!  Hello! Ohhh!  (Kisses)  (Giggles)  Is this place not funny?  I think it might just be one of my favorite local dives.
  I love it.
 It's just so unassertive.
  You can't find this in New York City.
  New York misses you, Moira.
  (Sighs) You're too kind.
  And correct.
 (Chucks)  Tell me things, Sebastien.
  Tell me everything!  Well, I just got back from London.
  I was touring with Madonna.
  She commissioned a series of anti-portraits.
  Whoa.
  Well, it sounds brilliant.
  I want to do something even more brilliant with you, Moira.
  Hm.
  Come, let's walk.
 Creativity lives on its feet.
  Anything else is bullshit.
  I just ordered you a Sanka-ccino.
  (Sighs)  It's a beautiful day.
  And you're a beautiful subject.
  Sebastian, I must insist you stop with the flattery  In due time.
  (Motown music plays) (Dishes clank)  (Bus whooshes by)  So I have a quick little school form you to fill out.
  Sure.
  What is this?  Um nothing.
 It just says that I work here.
  Uh-huh.
 This is for volunteer hours.
  But you don't volunteer here.
  You work here.
  But, I volunteer to work here.
  Because it's your job.
  Okay but, I need these hours to graduate so  So looks like you're gonna have to find  somewhere to volunteer.
  Okay.
 It's just, I thought my community service hours  would apply but they don't count  because their court-ordered.
 So  Yeah, I think the whole point of volunteering  is to give something back, right?  Okay.
 Sure.
 But whatever I give back  has to happen within two weeks.
  Well, I might have something for you  but I don't think you're going to be interested.
  Try me.
  Well, I work with some seniors a couple times a month.
  Wow.
 So cute.
  Um, it's just I have a thing with skin tags and old smells.
  So I might just need to think on it.
  Well, tonight's gonna be fun though, dance lessons!  (Fake elated gasp) We'd have to touch them.
  (Dishes being clank) (Low hum of diner chatter)  Oh psst! Hey, Johnny!  Come here! Come here! Come here!  Hey Roland.
 Here sit down.
 Sit.
 Sit!  Okay.
 Now act like you're talking to me.
  I am talking to you.
  No.
 Not like that.
  It's got to be more conversational.
  You know, like, um  "Yes the weather is cold.
"  Okay, I'm not following.
  Okay, that's better.
  But try it a little more casually.
 What is going on?  Bob is trying to get his poker night together again  and he wants me to play.
  And I can't afford it.
  Well then just say no, politely decline.
  Well that's not gonna work, Johnny.
  Tell him that we're doing something together tonight, okay?  Tell him you're taking me for a haircut tonight.
  Haircut? Hey Johnny.
  Roland.
 Oh, Bob.
  Almost didn't see you there.
 Right.
  I was just Chattin' away with Johnny.
  Well, I just wanted to let you know that  we're starting the big poker night again,  so if you're interested  Uh well  I wouldn't mind playing, Bob.
  Really? Well.
.
  That's great! (Chuckles)  Well, listen I'll see you both at my place,  uh around seven.
  Seven o'clock.
  Can I ask you something?  Um, do you have even the slightest concept  of what just happened here?  (Crickets chirp) (Birds sing)  Oh! It is so nice to get away.
 Hm.
  There's something very cathartic  about stepping into someone else's world.
  Hm.
  That's one of the reasons we chose to settle here.
  David seems well.
 Well he  Excuse me?  I ran into him earlier at the motel.
  At the motel?  And here I thought I gave you  very specific instructions to go directly to the cafe.
  Ever the renegade.
  Yeah, I got here and decided it was probably best  to get a room.
  Only a day just didn't seem enough.
  You got yourself a room?  Oh, aren't you lucky!  They're usually booked up.
  You must have used our name.
  But Sebastien, I was under the impression  that you were here just for today for a quick consult  (Shutter clicks) Hey! What are you doing?  Sorry, it's the way the light is catching you.
  The photo took itself.
  Ah, but you had to push the button.
  Sebastien don't, please.
  This is my talk now, shoot later look.
  So,  this visage is off-limits for-for the moment.
  (Camera shutter clicks) Plea  Don't worry, I'm just using you for scale.
  It's this backdrop.
  There's a provincial romanticism to all this,  that's just  terrifying and important.
  Far be it from me to stand in the way  of your inspiration.
  Well, why don't you actually stand over there?  Where?  Further into the field.
 Oh  Yes!  No, into the field.
  Further! Huh?  Yeah, into the field.
 Umm?  Yes.
 Further!  Sebastien, I was  Let the field reveal itself to you.
  Okay I was wondering  when we do the actual shoot um  Are we thinking studio or on location?  Because I bet Mr.
 Schnabel  would love to loan us the Palazzo  (Camera shutter clicks) Yes!  Okay.
 As long as you can still hear me.
  (Chuckles) I was also thinking Berlin    (Door shuts)  Oh hi!  Nice day with Sebastien?  Very productive.
  I think we've laid the groundwork  for an exciting enterprise.
  I'm sure you'll be a wonderful subject.
  Oh, thank you, sweetheart.
  Today was more about discussing theme,  and tone, mise en scene.
 Uh-huh.
  You know, he may have taken a few reference photos, but  So he photographed you today then?  Hm-hm.
 You know just a few dozens snaps about town  picturettes, really.
  Why would you have allowed this to happen?  I don't know he just started shooting  and shouting and I did what he told me to do  and I "leaned in" to the moment.
  How did that work out for you?  I leaned in! I don't know, David.
  Why don't you try it sometime!  (Exhales loudly)  Everybody, I'd like to introduce Alexis,  she's going to be joining us tonight.
  So that way we'll all have partners.
  That's great!  Dot, you won't need the Swiffer.
  I guess I'll be dancing with Ted.
  I thought Carol assigns the dance partners.
  We'll all get a chance to dance with Ted.
  Everyone up!  Come on.
  This is actually very cute.
  Although I did think that there would be more of them.
  Yeah, well there used to be, but you know.
  Oh, okay,  but these ones actually smell like very clean,  like baby powder.
  Yeah, I think it's probably better  if you call the girls by their names.
  Ted, could you give me a hand with these chairs here?  Of course!  We've heard a lot about you.
  That is so sweet.
  Why would he bring her here?  Are you talking about me?  You can be my dance partner, dear.
  (Big Band Music)  Dot.
    Does Dot have arthritis?  Because it looks like she's giving me the finger.
  Well, she has arthritis,  but not in that hand.
  Bob: Full house.
 Read 'em and weep.
  And I think I come in second  because I got a pair of Queens.
  There's no second place, Roland.
  Well, you were right about Bob.
 He's quite the player.
  (Chuckles)  I'll go see if Gwen's has any more of these  bacon-wrapped scallops.
  Yeah, I guess it's another trip to Bob's laundromat, right?  You know, because he keeps taking us to the cleaners.
  Yeah, we get it, Roland.
  I don't think it's an accident  that Bob keeps winning.
  What are you talking about?  Haven't you noticed how Gwen circles the table  with appetizers, constantly eying Bob.
  Then he lays down a big fat bet and wins.
  You know, come to think of it,  those matching visors they're a little suspicious  I don't want to believe this,  But ah, I do miss my wristwatch.
  I just think it'd be interesting to see what happens  if Gwen wasn't around for the next hand.
  Ahhh.
 Like if she had an "accident" or something?  I don't mean bump her off, Roland.
  I mean, if she's not here,  if she had to go to the store.
  I want to see how Bob's luck gonna hold  if when Gwen's not here.
  It's worth a shot.
  Okay, uh, do you want me to handle this?  I'm pretty good in high-stakes situations.
  No.
 I think, I've got it.
  Okay.
 Well, I'll ride shotgun with you.
  So Bob.
 Were just talking about how delicious the food is  and you know the only thing missing is  Gwen's gotta go!  I think what Roland is saying is  if she could maybe go to the store  to perhaps pick up some a little more  Kosher?  And halal.
  Gwen, you called it!  Yeah.
 Sure.
 Sure.
 That would do it.
  Yeah and some gluten-free options, for the ladies.
  Oh Gosh,  I'm sorry I didn't think of this.
  But you know, maybe maybe Roland could go?  He's running pretty low on chips.
  Sure.
 I can drive.
  I don't think you want to drive, Roland.
  I don't mind.
 I love driving.
  I don't think you do.
  Yeah, I don't love driving.
 Not at night.
 No!  And I'm drunk.
  Okay.
  I'm all right, dear.
 I could go.
  Thanks, sweetheart.
  Good.
 All right, so my deal.
  (Crickets chirp) (Knock on door)  David.
  I'm glad you're here.
 Come in.
  Um yeah, I was just getting a drink  by the uh the vending machine so  I had a prolific day with your mother today.
  Yes she said.
  Very excited about the shoot.
  The photos are really haunting.
  Haunting.
  Sure she'd be thrilled about that adjective.
  Umm, she told me this little trip  was supposed to be more of a creative discussion.
  David, your Mother is a revelation.
  This is the way she was meant to be presented to the world.
  I'm sorry.
  Is this you deciding what someone else wants again?  (Exhales) I-I want you to know that I care  about what happened between you and me.
  And while my therapist said I should never feel sorrow,  I do appreciate your pain.
  Okay.
  And I wanna explore that.
  Uh-huh.
  Maybe even  physically.
  Oh  Well, I shouldn't.
  Oh you should.
  Okay, fine, but um, I can't stay.
  (Slow Jazz tune plays)  Um, okay  Joan, I'm probably wrong,  but I feel like the other ladies are very  un-soothed by the fact that I'm here.
  Oh they are, but don't worry.
  It's just that we've just all grown very fond Of Ted.
  Oh well we're not dating.
  But I do understand that old women  can get very possessive about young younger  Dear, we know all about the failed engagements.
  But don't worry,  I'm not going to rake you over the coals to find out  how on earth you ever let that one get away.
 Or why?  Okay  It's none of my business  and I'm sure you have your reasons.
  I'd just want to know what they are?  Aggressive move, Joan.
  Well, I've been trying to set Ted up with my granddaughter  For two years now.
 And nothing.
  Do you want me to put in a good word?  It wouldn't matter.
 And you know why?  Is she not cute?  She's not you.
  You must know that Ted is still stuck on you.
  I think you ladies are just a little bit confused.
  Ted and I are just very close friends.
  Hm.
  My husband and I were really close friends for 52 years.
    Mind if I cut in?  Oh, yeah.
  But I'm also happy to keep dancing with one of them.
  No, I meant I could dance with Joan.
  Just the ladies get pretty upset  if I don't divide my time between them.
  Oh, yeah.
 Yeah  Uh Well then I will dance with Dot!  I would rather dance with the Swiffer.
  Okay  (Slow Jazz tune plays)  Oh, I can't believe I took that with three sevens.
  Well, I guess it wasn't Gwen, was it, Johnny?  Sorry?  Nothing, nothing, Bob.
  Well, uh, Johnny had this theory  that Gwen and you were  Johnny, why don't you tell Bob your theory.
  (Crickets chirp)  Well, Uh  You thought we were cheating?  No! No I  No offense, but I don't need to cheat to beat any of you.
  It's just, you win a lot, Bob.
  And there's a reason for that.
  Listen now Ronnie, when you when you have a good hand,  you close your cards real quick.
  And Ray, when you've got a bad hand,  you start tapping your foot.
  And Johnny your right eyebrow kind of just pops up  And Roland well, you know  I don't even know if you know the rules.
  I don't know all of them.
 No.
  Well you know, truth is  we put most of the winnings towards the snacks  that Gwen serves up.
  We thought it was kind of a special evening for everyone.
  In my defense, I didn't believed any of this, Bob.
  (Foot tapping) Gwen is very trustworthy.
  Ray, you're tapping your foot.
 Okay.
    (Kicking thud)  (Door opens)  Moira Good morning, Sebastien.
  I was up all night evaluating our little project  and I've come to the unfortunate conclusion  that you may have misrepresented your intentions.
  I wanted to capture the real Moira Rose.
  Does the real Moira Rose live in a studio?  Or the Palazzo?  I have.
 And I will again.
  If you're planning to capitalize on those images  You just have to trust me.
  With this work you will, once again,  sit atop the summit of cultural conversation,  with your inspired unfettering.
  Oh, I'd love to believe you,  but there's a big fat line between charm and bullshit.
  Give me your camera.
 (Door opens)  David?!  Umm, yes Sebastien and I just had some um,  stuff that we needed to talk about.
  Well, I'm having a hard time landing  on surprise or betrayal.
  Yeah, I should probably go.
 So  Give me the memory card, Sebastien.
  Moira, I'm scared for us.
  Oh, you mean this memory card?  Yeah, I'd give it back,  but I don't think it'll be of much use to you.
  It accidentally fell out of your camera  into my hand last night.
  And then fell out of my hand into my drink.
  And then I stepped on it a lot.
 So  It was really good to see you, Sebastien.
  Good luck with the rest of this project.
  David, I feel terrible that you had to do that just for me.
  It wasn't just for you.
  Let's just say we both won.
  Okay folks, we're going to start with something a little different tonight.
  The game is called crazy eights.
  And the diamond shaped things are wild.
  Roland, shush.
  Well I'm just glad we're back here again,  and that we could put all that unpleasantness behind us.
  Gwen, these Teriyaki meatballs they're delicious.
  Wow and those sliders look incredible.
  Those aren't for you.
  How's that watch working out for you?  I love it.
  Thanks.
  (Roland teasing quietly): Johnny  Joahnny (Amused chuckle)  [knocking]      

                




                    			(Birds chirp, cars rumble)  Alexis, I just got an email from your school.
  Okay, in my defense,  I did not know he was a substitute teacher,  and basically, nothing happened.
  Okay, well, that's not it,  and please don't go down that path again.
  Apparently there's a lice outbreak in your class.
  Oh my God! Ewww!  Ugh, it's probably Kelsey, she's such a horse girl.
  Honestly Alexis, if you don't like the way somebody looks  Dad, that's so mean!  She doesn't look like a horse, she just talks about them a lot.
  And smells a bit.
  (Gasps) You know, you keep scratching.
  Ewww!  No, I'm just allergic to the down pillow.
  No, no, you probably have lice.
  You're scratching because you have lice!  Wait a minute, we were in all the rooms changing the sheets!  Okay, how-can lice jump?  Because if I was sleeping in my bed,  could a lice jump from her bed to my bed?  Can everyone stop saying lice please?!  Now I've gotta go back and change all the sheets again.
  Okay, how do I know that she didn't give me her lice?  David, you don't have lice.
  Nobody here has lice!  No, no, you do!  You-you have the lice!  Ah! Ughhh!  Oh! Aah! Alexis, you've gotta go to the store  and get something to deal with that now!  Okay, I've gotta go back and change all the sheets.
  Oh! This is the last time I take a pity selfie with Kelsey!  Get away from me! Aah!   (Cart rattles)  (Knocking) Housekeeping.
  Hello! Oh, hi.
  Uh, just here for the complimentary  sheet change.
  But the bed's already made up.
  Yes, yes, well some of our guests prefer  morning and evening sheets.
  Uh, these are a little heavier,  for sleeping, right?  So if you don't mind, I'll just get to it.
  I think we're good, I mean,  we haven't even touched the sheets.
  Oh, good, good, good!  Why is that good?  Well, it just means you're having a busy day,  you know, up and at 'em.
  Oh.
 Right.
  (Laughs) Right.
  And your hair's in a ponytail,  that's fantastic.
  Yeah  And by that I mean it's very hot outside,  and gives the neck a chance to breathe,  um yeah.
  So  We're actually just on our way out so  Oh well, good timing then, huh?  So why don't we follow you out, hmm?  So that's a yes to changing the sheets?  No, no, I think we're good.
 Thanks.
  After you.
  Oh, so leaving everything as is, then.
  Couple: Yeah!  (Bell on door jingles)  Hi, sorry I'm late, it's been a busy morning.
  (Sighs) How are you?  I'm fine, thank you.
  It's nice to see you.
  Hm! Are you talking to me?  I'm not used to that ah, level of kindness.
  Yes, we haven't seen each other in weeks,  so I was just saying it's nice to see you.
  I'm going to ignore that passive aggression,  and instead, lean in to the fact  that we're both working professionals now,  and Mama Oprah would be very proud of us.
  Okay, that's one way to look at it.
  Um, so you know what I think would be super fun,  if we hung out at your place tonight.
  My place? Mhm.
  You've never been to my place.
  Yeah exactly, you were just saying that we haven't  been spending as much time together,  and that it's been really bothering you.
  I don't remember saying that last part.
  Yeah, so I was just thinking like,  what about a late night hang,  or like, a platonic sleepover?  Mm what's on your head?  Hm? A hat.
  That I'm test driving for the store.
  I mean, what's happening under the hat?  The other side.
 Oh, I see.
  Yeah um, that would be a shower cap.
  So this would have nothing to do with  the lice outbreak at the motel?  Your dad just called me.
  Mhm, um  so I might be taking preventative measures.
  I can't afford to have the store infested with lice.
  I don't think it works that way,  but just so we're clear,  you were wanting to have a platonic sleepover  at my place would have nothing to do with the fact  that your sister has lice?  Yes, that is almost entirely correct.
  Oh  Moira: Good morning!  Bob: Who's gonna be the one to tell her?  I'll handle this.
  Have I been let go? Should I leave?  No.
 I won't make a scene.
  You still have three and a half more years.
  But who's counting?  Roland: Moira, I know that town beautification  is kind of your thing,  so I know you'll wanna know that um  we're gonna build a flower garden.
  And it gets better!  I imagine it must.
  We're gonna name it after you.
  Oh, and look at that right there,  utter shock!  Now, I'm flattered beyond all reason,  but I can't help but think  the money could be better spent elsewhere,  making much needed improvements to the roads,  the streetlamps, the parks,  the sidewalks, the traffic light  Moira, I don't think you understand how rare it is  for somebody to have something named for them in this town!  I mean, yeah, the whole town is named after me,  and Bob over here, he's got his bench.
  Bob's Bench.
  And Ronnie's got her rec center.
  It's an outdoor tennis court,  and last year the net was stolen.
  Well, she's kind of under selling it there,  the rec center is a major hook-up spot for the kids.
  So is the bench.
 Right.
  As much as I would love to contribute  to the population growth of this town  by way of teen pregnancies,  I must decline.
  Honey, it's all about legacy!  Your name will forever be associated  with this town's name!  I don't think you're helping.
  I truly appreciate the gesture.
  Well look, before you say no  No.
 Right.
  This is a really big deal, Moira.
  For us to be doing this for you.
  Okay.
  (Car rumbles)  Ted: Alexis, I didn't think you were coming in today.
  Oh um, I hadn't planned to,  but it was really bugging me that your cupboards  were so disorganized.
  It's Saturday.
  No, I know.
 Um  But the other reason is that  I bumped into one of our clients,  and her dog has lice,  and she's worried that she now has lice.
  Who was it?  Umm  Meredith? Meredith!  She's new-ish, you might not remember her,  just kind of like, mid-length, wavy hair.
  Does she want me to help her? No.
  No, she is too embarrassed.
  And I was like Mere-dith,  Meredith, there's no reason to be embarrassed,  you're still exceptionally attractive,  it's just lice, just get the shampoo,  and deal with it!  Yeah okay um the thing is,  that you can't actually get lice from dogs.
  It's a different kind of lice.
  Okay, so what should she use?  Should she use the flea stuff, or  Oh no, she's fine to use the lice shampoo,  but it's really more about combing them out.
  Ewww! On the upside,  you could tell her that  they're only attracted to clean scalps,  and she shouldn't be too embarrassed.
  Also, I'm kind of a samurai  when it comes to a metal comb, so  Okay, are you sure, because she didn't want to um,  she didn't wanna bug you on a weekend.
  Bug me.
 (Sighs)  I am sure.
  Okay, I will tell her.
  Um, you know that it's me, right?  Yeah, caught on pretty quick.
 Okay, thank you.
  You're the sweetest little vet I've ever met.
  I don't know about little,  because I'm benching 225 right now,  so it's not really something someone little  Aaah, Ted! Okay, yep.
  (Sighs) Okay,  so if you wouldn't mind sorting these body milks by size,  that would be great.
  Can you drink these?  Um, it's liquid moisturizer,  for your body, so no,  you can't drink them.
  Did you ask if you can drink it, too?  Okay, it says body milk on the label!  You know, I told David that the label  was gonna be misleading, but he insisted.
  What was it you said?  "Anyone with a fiber of common sense  would know that it's not actually milk.
"  What do we think body milk is,  if not milk for your body?!  Exactly.
 Stevie, right?  Yeah.
 I'm Patrick.
  I've heard a lot about you.
 None of it is true.
  Oh well, anyone with a fiber of common sense would know that.
  I like him.
  I like you.
  Okay, is this how this is gonna go?  Because we have way too much work to do today  for me to feel attacked by way  of an imbalanced social dynamic.
  Are-are you wearing a shower cap?!  Alexis has lice,  and I am taking preventative measures.
  By wearing one of our hats that we now can't sell.
  Oh, he doesn't have it, I checked his head.
  I think the shower cap is more of a fashion choice  at this point.
 Uh huh.
  But you're living with somebody who does have lice,  so just 'cause you don't have it now,  doesn't mean that you couldn't get it tonight,  or tomorrow, or whenever.
  It's almost as if you want me to get the lice.
  I don't want you to get it,  I just, I think you should be careful.
  You can crash at my place tonight if you need to.
  Thank you.
  But Stevie offered her place this morning.
  Oh, So  Can I crash at your place? (Laughs)  This is really fun for me.
  I'm having a lot of fun.
  I never thought I'd see the day, John.
  You've been domesticated beyond recognition.
  Moira, it's been a bit of a day here.
  Well, this might lift your spirits,  I just came from council,  and they want to name a garden after me.
  A garden?  Oh, that's flattering.
  Another feather in your cap, huh?  Oh, I have enough legacies as it is, John.
  I've got that playhouse theater in Pasadena,  My titular scholarship with Phoenix,  David and Alexis.
  Yeah, but still, a garden is nice.
  You'd have to think twice about turning that down.
  Oh, I've already turned it down.
  Oh.
  Okay.
  Well, it's just  about a month ago I heard from the  Lucy Albion Studio Theater in Pasadena.
  I don't know what that is.
  It used to be called the Moira Rose  No, no! Don't say it!  They've stripped the playhouse of my name?  Who the (Bleep) is Lucy Albion?!  A volunteer usher who died last year.
  And when were you planning on telling me this, John?!  Well Moira, it's not like you have overreacted  to bad news in the past.
  I just thought it might sit better with you  once you'd heard about the garden.
  No, I just told you about the garden.
  Uh-huh.
  John, did you ask Roland and Bob  to name a garden after me?  No, no!  They wanted to name the garden after you, Moira.
  After I offered to pay for the plaque,  and a good chunk of the upkeep.
  I don't believe this.
  Sweetheart, I just thought having your own garden in town  would make losing the theater less painful!  Oh, I won't be pitied, John!  Or fed your pacifying pablum like some kind of  soft-headed infant!  Well, I thought it was a nice gesture.
  Oh no, no, now I just wonder what else  you're keeping from me.
  Nothing!  Well, Alexis has lice.
 What?!  Ewwww!  Ewwwww!  I assume you shaved her head!  And we have to put a wig on her.
 But not one of my wigs!  These have to be boxed now!  Moira, I've got it all taken care of.
  And I'd think twice about that garden.
  Oh, it's too late, the notion of that garden  is as abhorrent to me as our daughter's scalp!  And I was worried about you overreacting.
  (Screams)  What are you doing in here?  Well, you said to change the sheets.
  No, we said not to change the sheets.
  Oh, you said not to change the sheets!  I could've sworn I heard you say change the sheets.
  Well, while I'm here, I may as well Please, just leave the bed.
  Sure.
 What's going on?  What's going on?  Well, my okay.
  My daughter and I were setting up the room earlier,  and it turns out she has lice.
  I was changing the sheets because you know, I didn't wanna take a chance.
  Been there.
  Yeah, our six year old daughter had lice last year.
  How old's yours? 28.
  Oh, and I checked your hairbrush and it is fine.
  You checked my hairbrush?!  It's a complimentary service.
  Ted: Why didn't you just tell me that you had lice?  Ted, a bug literally fell out of my head,  onto my textbook this morning.
  It was so disgusting.
  Plus I didn't want you to picture me  like some well-toned bug woman.
  Well, I've seen worse.
  Fleas, ticks, worms.
  Granted, all of those were on house pets.
  Ted! I'm just saying,  that you know, it could've been worse.
  I could be shearing you with trimmers right now.
  You're really good at this.
  It reminds me of when I was in Bangkok.
  There was this amazing little Resto-Lounge  that specialized in Tahitian food,  and scalp massages.
  I'm not sure what's more disgusting,  what I'm doing right now,  or the concept for that restaurant.
  It was a Resto-Lounge.
  Speaking of Thailand,  I think is probably the most intimate thing  I've ever done with an employee.
  Speaking of Thailand,  I think we've done a few more intimate things than this.
  I meant while they were an employee.
  Not that I'd do this for anyone else.
  Well, thank you.
  Because it's actually pretty gross.
  You said it wasn't that bad.
  Well, there are some big ones in here.
  Ewww! I'm joking, I'm joking.
  Oh, maybe not.
  Eww! Nope, it's fine.
  It is fine, it's fine.
  Just-just the mama, we got her.
  (Knocking)  Hi, I can't thank you enough for inviting me.
  Really you should be thanking yourself for that.
  (Gasps)  This is a lot nicer than I expected.
  For some reason I pictured you living underground.
  In like, a bomb shelter?  Yeah like, bomb shelter aspects.
  Look at what you've done to this place!  Look at all this stuff!  Look at that frame on the wall that you put there.
  Look at that Sarah McLachlan poster!  Don't be dissing Sarah McLachlan.
  Who's dissing Sarah McLachlan?  I followed Lilith Fair for two summers.
  (Sighs) So  Uh oh!  Two toothbrushes? Hello!  No, you see, this is exactly why I shouldn'tve let you  bully me into allowing you to stay here!  Do you require two toothbrushes?  Yes, I do.
  Ahhh  So maybe I was seeing somebody a while ago,  and I forgot to throw out his toothbrush.
  I don't recall you ever telling me  about that chapter of your life.
  Well, I'm sure I would've told you,  if you weren't so busy with the store.
  I'm sorry, is that a soft,  yet affirmative indication that you miss me?  No, it is not.
  Because I agree, our social predicament  is not ideal,  but we are both thriving professionally,  and I feel like that needs to be celebrated.
  Speaking of, where are the drinks?  In this thing? The fridge.
  Is this okay.
 Just  Okay, I just see two de-shelled hard-boiled eggs  in a bag, should I be scared for you?  The vodka's in the freezer.
  Oh, in the freezer, okay.
  (Gasps) There she is!  Look at that, look at her, go.
  What a gift.
  (Music plays softly)  Moira! Oh, hi.
  I just wanted to say congratulations  about the garden.
  Oh well, you're very kind, but I've declined the offer.
  Oh, really? Yes.
  As much as I love the spotlight,  sometimes it's best to just step aside.
  That's surprising.
  I know when they told me that they were gonna put my name  on the new low-impact play center at the school,  I was thrilled!  Yes, it can be very exciting  when the tribute matches the contribution.
  My name graced a theater,  a country club ladies' locker room,  a roadway.
  A whole road?  Oh, not just any road.
  This was a lifesaving road,  dedicated to emergency vehicles.
  Like a fire route?  Technically it was referred to as Evacuation Route 14,  but those of us in the know affectionately called it  "Moira Rose Boulevard.
"  You know, Moira,  having your name on a small, local garden  wouldn't take away from  any of those other amazing achievements.
  You might think,  but this little particular little tribute  was bought by my husband,  in an attempt to assuage my ego!  And that would be different from the other times because  Well, I mean, of course philanthropy  and recognition always go hand in hand, but  Listen.
  I know this isn't what you wanted,  But I think it would make Johnny really happy  to make you happy.
  I mean, take Roland.
  Every year he buys me coconut macaroons,  and I just don't have the heart to tell him  I am really allergic to coconut.
  Yeah, every Valentine's Day I just rash right up.
  (Laughs)  Last year my throat almost completely shut.
  (Crickets chirp)  I shouldn'tve eaten those eggs.
  I can't believe I'm trapped under a blanket with you  knowing you ate those eggs.
  (Sighs)  I bet Patrick's fridge is fully stocked.
  What does that mean?!  It means he's got his life together.
  He's a pretty eligible bachelor.
  Patrick.
  I suppose.
  What? He's my business partner.
  Oh, aren't they all.
  What are you doing?  What, you guys just seem to really get along well.
  Yeah, because we're in business together,  and compliment each other professionally.
  Hm, but he offered for you to stay over at his place.
  Yes, because unlike you and I,  he's extremely generous,  and has absolutely no ulterior motive.
  Then why are you here and not there?  Because you asked me first.
  I didn't, though.
  And it would be weird.
  Well, if nothing's going on, why would it be weird?  Because we're in business together,  and I don't know what his preferences are.
  Well, you're not gonna find out  what his preferences are on a sleepover with me.
  Well, I wouldn't be sharing a bed with him,  I'd be in some guest bedroom.
  Guest bedroom, what is he, Bill Gates?  Yes, he's Bill Gates.
  I like this for you.
  Like what? There's nothing to like.
  You seem flustered.
  I'm not flus  Maybe it's the eggs.
  Both: Ughh!  Um, am I reading this right?  "The Moira's Rose's Garden.
"  Okay look, I went back and forth on the name  a couple of times, and I may have  confused the engraver.
  The Moira's Rose's Garden.
  So the garden is dedicated to a rose that Moira owns?  I don't think that there are enough apostrophes.
  I don't even see a rose in the garden.
  Because there aren't any roses.
  Or are we the Roses?  Okay, I'm getting roses for the garden,  I'm-I'm getting roses.
  Oh okay.
  And what are these numbers for?  That's mom's birthday, David.
  Those are the last four digits  of your father's credit card.
  It was a complicated order form, all right?  There were a lot of fields to fill in.
  Um, I hope you got a really good deal on this.
  It's by the letter, so he paid extra  for those apostrophe "s's.
"  Okay, enough, enough.
  This is still a very big honor for your mother.
  Is it not?  Mhm Yes?  Mhm.
  So when we die,  are we all gonna be buried here?      

                




                    			1   JOHNNY: Oh, Moira, kids this is so unnecessary.
  What is it?  It's a gift from us to your father.
  Okay.
 Yeah, I rather not attach my name to a gift  that I had no hand in selecting.
  Oh, God.
  Oh my God.
  Where did you find this, honey?  Well, Moira told me it was down at the post office,  so I I was talking to my wife.
  The Van Housens found it in their storage room  and thought that we should have it.
  (shocked gasps)  Who's the lady in the back?  It's Moira.
  Flattering.
  It's a family portrait, Roland.
  Oh you  you all look like cartoons.
 Wow.
  It's so weird, I don't even remember posing for this.
  Because you didn't.
  You were in rehab when we sat for this.
  I wasn't in rehab,  I was at rehab visiting Stavros.
  Oh, that's right.
  We had your face painted on the body of my assistant.
  Hm.
 That's why you look so good.
  (fake chuckle)  Well, I love it.
  Let's get this inside.
  David.
 Huh? What?  20 bucks, I'll give you a hand taking it in.
  Oh yeah.
 David.
 What?!  30 bucks and I'll help you in with it.
 Mm, right.
 David!  I don't know what! What? What? What?  What do you want?  40 buck and I'll help you in with in.
  I can keep going up.
  Can play this game all day, pal.
   I can't tell if this room is just very, very small,  or if the portrait is very, very big.
  Well, I think it's quite possible both are true.
  (sighs) Do you think the Van Housens had it enlarged?  No, Th-this is the actual size.
  Remember, Reiner wanted to paint it twice as big.
  Oh, look at it, John.
  Well, don't worry, we'll  we'll find a place for it.
  Ah, you know, we can  take things off a wall, or mm  rearrange some furniture.
  Maybe move some wigs.
  Oh John, I know how nostalgic you still get for the old days,  and I just wanted to do something thoughtful for you.
  Oh, Moira, this portrait is a wonderful reminder of your generous spirit  and the  enormous strength of this family.
  Aw     (hammering outside)  Um, is that your juice?  Ah, no.
 Technically, I think it's our juice,  ah, because you just took it from the fridge  and didn't pay for it so  Mm-hm.
 Um  It's just that I don't normally share beverages with people.
  Really.
 That is shocking news.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Fortunately, um, you look like you have a clean mouth so  Sorry.
 A clean mouth?  Yeah.
 Some people have nice, clean mouths,  and some people have sloppy mouths.
  I see.
 (chuckles)  So, hey, I was thinking about our, ah, our launch party,  and I think we should take out like a full page  in the local news, and just make it a  make it a thing, you know.
  Mm um  Well, do you not think people are gonna show?  No, no.
 I do.
 I just think if we're going big, let's go big.
  Yeah.
 'Cause um, 'cause I was thinking  what if we did like a soft launch.
  Um, and you know, just test the store out on a small group of people.
  Did like an exclusive VIP guest list, and offered,  you know, a friends and family discount as incentive.
  Ha, now it's sounding like you don't think people will show.
  No, I do.
  I do think, um, that people will come.
  It's just, you know, I look to like  Gwyneth who soft-launched the 'goop' newsletter  and now it's a thriving lifestyle publication slash empire, and  I have no idea what you're talking about, but it's up to you.
  Ah, either way you do need to call the electrician  to hang these lights that were supposed to be up a week ago.
  Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I was waiting  I was waiting for a call back from him.
  Mm.
 But you know what I'm gonna do?  I'm gonna follow up.
  Sure.
  Can I have my juice back, please?  No.
 You have a sloppy mouth.
     Hey, did Mrs.
 Syzlak call? She's late for her appointment.
  Um yeah.
 She cancelled.
  She said that her cat is better.
  She doesn't have a cat.
  Okay.
 Sorry, who am I thinking of?  Um, somebody isn't coming in today  and someone's cat is better.
  Oh, and someone's something may be worse  Is everything okay?  You usually take down the messages, even if you forget to give them to me.
  It's just that my grades are being posted today  so I'm just kind of avoiding the computer.
  Oh.
 O-o-okay.
  Well, that's not really an option  so how about I'll just look for you.
  No, it's okay, I can do it.
  It's just that if I fail I may need the afternoon off.
  Also not an option,  but I will be here for you if it's bad news.
  Oh my God, Ted.
  I passed! Really?  Yeah.
 I got a 60 and a 65!  No, Alexis, those are the class averages.
  You got a 63 and a 68!  Oh my God!  (happy laughter) (excited squealing)  Ju Well uh congrats.
  Um.
 Thank you.
  Um, I'm just gonna, um  I'm just gonna call Mrs.
 Syzlak,  and just make sure that her cat's doing okay.
  It's Mrs.
 Syzlak and she doesn't have a cat,  but you should call her back.
 and I, in the mean time,  will go to get back to work-o.
  Mm-hm.
 Mm-hm.
 Mm-hm.
 Mm-hm.
 Mm.
 (disconnected phone beeping)  Hmm 'Kay.
     Hi, so I wanted to talk to you about Oh my God.
  Yeah.
 I know.
 We're still looking for a place to hang it.
  Did it grow?  Can we cover it with something or?  I tried.
 Sheets aren't big enough.
  Can we help you, David?  Uh, yes.
  Actually I wanted you to be the first to know  that Patrick and I will be launching the store this Friday.
  (gasps) Ooh! Oh great news!  A grand opening.
 Mm.
  Hm.
 We've doing more of a soft launch.
  I don't like the sound of that.
 Why?  It's actually a very effective business strategy.
  And it's always better to go under.
  Go under? No.
  David, if the business is foundering it's best to tell us now.
  No! When it comes to expectations  it's always to go under than over.
  Yeah, I don't know if that's true, son.
  Every Rose video we opened had fireworks.
  Day or night.
 People love pizazz.
  Okay, well, this is gonna be the opposite of that.
  We're inviting a select group of VIP's,  and offering a 25 percent friends and family discount.
  Well, that sounds meek.
 Okay.
  Friends are getting the same discount as family? That doesn't sound right.
  Well, that's what we're doing.
  Well, what if your mother and I go in and buy something together?  Does that mean we get a 50 percent discount?  Why would you wanna spend less money at my store?  David, we are happy to support this modest little vigil you're hosting  but to hand out discounts  before the store has even birthed  it sounds a tad defeatist.
  I hope you don't mind if I keep this information to myself.
  I don't want you to share the news.
  The smaller the better.
  Oh, rarely has that been a recipe for success.
  I'm really glad I came in here.
  We love you! Keep reaching, son!  (light knock)  Hello.
  Um, I called Mrs.
 Syzlak, and sorted it all out.
  She will be in tomorrow.
  So, I'm just gonna go back to my desk,  which is where I work.
  Uh, we should talk about the kiss.
  Definitely.
  Personally, I don't think it was that a big deal.
  Yeah.
 Neither do I.
  We're adults.
 We should be allowed to have an adult kiss from time to time.
  Totally.
 An adult kiss.
 Yes!  Like when parents kiss their friends ju on the mouth.
  Yes.
 Like kissing your parents.
  That's exactly what I was gonna say.
  Yeah.
 I mean, we're friends so  Agreed.
 (chuckles)  Oh! Here's something, speaking of friend stuff,  um David is doing this friends and family discount  for his store opening.
  And I know that you love discounts,  so, I was thinking that maybe we could go  Yeah.
 That sounds yeah.
 As friends.
  I would go as family, and you would go as friends  of the family.
  Well, I do love discounts.
 (chuckles)  In fact they had to delete Groupon from my phone last week,  just 'cause three vacuums is enough vacuums.
  Yeah.
 Cool.
 Okay.
  So um  back to work-o.
  Watch out! Oh.
 (light thud) Oh! Ow.
    Oh my God.
 Isn't it something?  Huh? (chuckles)  I always felt something was missing in here  and then it occurred to me that  a lot of family-run businesses  hang a portrait of the family in the workplace.
  Oh.
 Well, that reminds me,  I've been meaning to have my family portrait airlifted in  Well, I know it's a little arresting at first,  but I think with time  you won't even know it's here.
  Mm I don't think that's gonna happen.
  You don't look very happy in this.
  Well, it wasn't the style to look happy.
  The motivation was to look successful.
  You know this used to hang in the great hall of our house.
  Oh, now this seems a little understated for a great hall.
  I'd look at it every morning.
  The family often wasn't all together back then,  but, uh, I could look at this and there we were.
  Well, you guys are together, like, all the time now,  so, who needs this,  right? Well, that's true.
  But, this happens to be one of the only possessions that  wasn't sold off.
  Really? You'd think there'd be more of a market  for oversized paintings of other people's families.
  Why does it seem like Mrs.
 Roses eyes are following me?  Oh, she paid extra for that.
  TWYLA: Here you go.
   Two tuna melts.
 Oh.
 I didn't order tuna melts,  but I don't have time to Oh, by the way, I hope you don't mind,  but I told a few people about your big store opening.
  Big store opening?  Isn't it a friends and family sale.
  Yes.
  Which is why you would be invited as a friend.
  Um, who told you about our little David,  just the guy I wanted to see.
  Listen, uh, Gwen wanted me to ask you  Er, if if we both have plus-ones for the opening,  or do we have to be each other's plus-ones.
  Who's Gwen?  (laughs)  That's very funny.
  Oh, my mother's boyfriend wanted to bring his secretary.
  He did?  Why not.
 Um, I'm gonna go.
  But I'm really glad that someone told you.
  um and Bob and Gwen.
  (car rumbles)  (footsteps thud)  (door creaks open)  Uh  how many people did you tell about Friday?  Just the names on my pre-approved list.
 Why?  Uh, because I have been approached by a lot of people  who are not on the pre-approved list.
  Well, you know, sometimes when you tell everyone that it's exclusive,  then everybody just wants in.
  Like how many people are we talking about?  Uh, I don't know.
 Twyla's whole family.
 So, like, 75?  (inhaling whistle)  Should've ordered more food and wine.
 Uh  Well, looks like this soft launch is firming up a bit, huh.
  But it's not supposed to be firm.
  Well, with this many people it's definitely at least semi-firm.
  Okay.
 Well, as long as it doesn't get hard.
  And that's something, that's what I just said to you, so  What?  (quietly excited laughter and chatter)  Oh my God.
  Hey, back of the line, bro!  Hey! No cutting!  'Scuse me, this is my store.
 Who are you?  I'm Darleen's cousin.
 Who the fuck are you?  My God.
 Ah  That kind of language, folks,  will not be tolerated at Rose Apothecary.
  Thank you.
  This is a safe place.
   (doors creak open and shut)  Uh, so I was just verbally assaulted  by a very off-brand customer in line outside.
  Well, David, I have really underestimated you.
  How so?  Who knew you had so many friends,  or, uh, family members,  for that matter.
 Okay.
 What do we do?  I for one blame Gwyneth.
 Um David, relax.
  It's going to be fine.
  Oh my God, the lights! I didn't call the electrician.
  (light clicks on) Do  Watched a lot of YouTube tutorials.
  This is very impressive.
  Well, there is a good chance I didn't wire that properly,  so that's why I also got the insurance that you forgot to get.
  M'kay.
 Um, there's only so much that I can do in a day.
  Mm.
 So um  Are we ready to do this?  Open the doors.
  Okay  (clears throat then whispers) Softly.
  Okay.
    (loud hum of chatter)  (jazz music plays)  Find everything okay?  (door creaks open)  (loud hum of chatter)  (jazz music plays)   (cash register beeping)  JOHN: Wow.
  Wow.
  David did all this?  I can't believe it.
  He's managed to create, in this town, something truly winsome.
  I would shop here, John.
  Even without a nagging sense of obligation.
  And look at look at the labels on everything.
  (Moira gasps) 'Rose Apothecary.
'  The Rose name on another plucky young business.
  We should go congratulate him.
  We should but  our son is very hard at work.
  Doing it.
 Here you go.
  And the scarf.
 Is this wearing it, is it?  So um, this says foot cream on it.
  What happens if I use it on my hand?  Um, I'm pretty sure your hands are gonna be fine.
  Okay, and it's like 50 percent off  if Jocelyn and I both buy it at the same time?  Um, n-no.
 Have you been talking to my dad  about the discount? Roly, you can bargain later.
  Um, David, I need to ask ya a little question  about this baggy of Joshua tree tea?  Sure.
 Is it drugs?  Uh, no.
 It's loose leaf tea.
  Okay.
 Because it smells exactly like  Oh, come on! Ah, wow!  Geez, I didn't realize this place was a front.
  It's not a front.
  That is a tea that Mr.
 Hockley makes out of a greenhouse on his farm.
  And now that I've said it out loud, I might have to double check.
  Hmm.
 Well, honey, why don't we, um, grab a few bags of Mr.
 Hockley's  tea.
 (laughs) Go get 'em.
 I love tea.
 (laughs)  ROLY: Yeah, I'm a big tea drinker now.
  Started drinking tea in high school.
  (birds chirp)  Cedar dragon.
 (spritzes)  (sniffs) Hm.
 That's different.
 What do you think?  Um.
 mm.
 Mm, yeah, you know? Um, I don't know.
  I mean, it's nice but I also, I don't know.
  I think you should probably get it  or not, whatever  Oh! Look who's here!  Alexis and  Ted.
 Oh, Ted.
  Good to see you, Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Rose.
  I take it that Alexis has told you the big news?  Big news? ALEXIS: Um  well, it wasn't that big a deal,  but the other day at work Ted and I went to hug  No, ah, actually I was talking about you passing your exams.
  Honey! You passed!  (laughing) Oh!  Alexis, what a delightful surprise!  Not that I'm surprised.
  I had nothing but doubts  No doubts.
 That you could do this.
  Well, I'm just glad to be done.
    Well, it's been quite the day, Moira.
 Mm-hm.
  You know, I had an idea about what to do with the portrait.
  Oh, it's still there, waiting for us.
 Isn't it?  I was thinking, to save space,  we could cut our faces out  and make four smaller, individual portraits.
  We could  here's another thought:  we bid it farewell.
  Are you kidding?  Doesn't fit, John.
  And I don't just mean literally.
  We aren't those people anymore.
  We are, but we aren't.
  You know, you might be right.
  It's funny when I look at that portrait now,  I find myself wondering  Were we really that happy back then?  Yes.
 We were.
  Oh, deliriously happy.
  Oh, and I miss that beach house.
  Oh my God, I still dream that we wake up in our old bed.
  Nothing's changed.
 No.
  No.
 We can't go down that road, Moira.
  We have to focus on what we do have.
  No?  Yes.
  Yes.
  (car rumbles)  Ah, hey, I Alexis? I, um  Oh, right.
 You were going that way.
  Ah, no, no.
 I want to say, that I got you a little something  for passing your exams.
  Oh.
  Oh, Ted! You picked up a stick.
  Uh, no, it's a it's a pencil shaped like a twig.
  I got it at the store.
  Wasn't that was sneaky of you.
  I will definitely try to use this.
  It looks very delicate.
  Yeah, it's a lot more expensive than I thought, too.
  I hate it when they don't put price tags on things.
  Thank you, Ted.
  Oh, no  I didn't I didn't mean.
  That was supposed to be like, um  like a thank you adult kiss.
  Yeah, the thing is I think, um, maybe we should just avoid  kisses for a while.
  Even adult ones.
  Of course.
  Probably better if we just adult hug  and adult work together.
  I totally get that.
  Okay.
  Great.
  Adult high five?  Yeah.
   (David sighs)  (light Jazz song plays)  Well, this was a success.
  I would say so.
 Yeah.
  Although, you know, we'd be, ah, 25 percent richer  If we just done a hard launch.
  But hey, I'm just a numbers guy.
  Mm-hm.
 Um, but had we not done the soft launch  we wouldn't have lured all those people.
  Mm.
 Well, you know, the best thing is  that we never have to talk about it again because we've officially open.
  That is true.
  Congratulations, man.
  Congratulations to you.
  (lights flicker)  I can fix that.
 Kinda liking Okay.
 Yeah.
 I was just gonna  say that that might need fixing.
  Well, it fits here.
  I wonder what else the Van Housens took from us.
  Don't waste your time thinking about those human vultures.
  I think they did us a favour.
  They sent us a reminder that it's not always good to hold onto the past.
  Speak for yourself, I look super cute.
  Okay, that's not actually your body though.
  Um, okay, but it's my face, David.
  Okay, let's go.
  There's something really weird happening with mom's eyes.
  It's like they're following me.
  Oh, they are.
 Oh God.
  (chuckles)      

                




                    			1 Alexis, I have a favour  Oh, great.
 Um  I would love a ride to work.
  I meant, I have a favour to ask.
  You just said that you have a favour.
  As in, for me.
  Well, who says that, 'I have a favour for you?'  Okay.
 Are you saying that you can't drive me to work?  No, I can't.
  I need you to work the motel this Friday.
  Ewww! What?!  We're all pitching in these days, dear.
  Like communists or non-union actors.
  Okay.
 Well, I would love to,  but it's my high school graduation on Friday.
  Your graduation is this Friday?  Mhm.
 What?  I didn't tell you because I don't want you to come.
  It's bad enough that I have to wear that  unflattering black dress  and then the hat with the thing on it  in front of people that I don't know.
  Yeah, I'm not going.
  I was at your first graduation  and it's not my fault that you weren't there.
  We all have to go, David,  unless you have some special excuse.
  It's my birthday.
  Yeah.
 Well  We, we didn't forget.
  No, we've been talking about it for weeks.
  You've been talking about it for weeks.
  Well, we'll just have to have a birthday  and graduation celebration all in one.
  Yeah.
 I'm very uninterested in that option.
  As am I.
 No.
 Seriously don't come.
  They can't say we didn't try.
  Ugh.
 What?  Woof David.
   (Light Jazz music plays)  Oh, can I get a gift receipt for that?  It's for an anniversary.
  Oh.
 Well, isn't that thoughtful.
  I wish everyone remembered special days like that,  but, alas, that's not what this world is anymore.
  I'll just take that gift receipt.
  Yeah.
 Okay.
  You're a good person.
 Uh.
  (Door creaks)  Is everything okay?  Yeah.
 It's fine.
  All right.
  Here is a question.
  Um, has your family ever forgotten your birthday?  Like your parents and your sister,  collectively, as a whole?  That would be a no.
  No, I've always had some kind of party.
  Oh.
 In fact, sometimes two parties.
  One before school ended with my friends.
  And then another with my family  with my cousins who were kinda more like siblings.
  But they, they forget other things.
  Yeah.
 I'm sure.
 Yeah.
  I'm kinda piecing together that it might be your birthday?  Yes, it is.
  Well, happy birthday.
  How old are we  Do you have any plans for today or?  Ah, I plan on popping a pill,  crying a bit and falling asleep early.
  So just a regular weeknight.
  Well, it sounds like fun!  It is.
  You ever tried the Cafe Tropical?  I've heard people raving about how  "moderately edible" the food is there.
  Well, yes.
  We could, we could go for a birthday dinner.
  You don't have to do that.
 No, I-I'd like to.
  Sure.
 Let's say eight o'clock.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  (Spritzing)  Those are wet now.
 That's a lot of spritzing.
  I'm gonna dry those off.
 Okay.
  Okay, another girl dropped off her resume this morning.
  Ted, have you read these?  These are actually very impressive.
  There are people here who went to school  specifically for vet stuff.
  Yeah, well, y'know,  formal training is usually encouraged.
  Well, I don't have formal training.
  This person's assisted with surgeries.
  Is that something that I should be doing?  No.
 God no.
  Well, Ted, if there are people here that can help you,  you should hire them.
  Well  I'm very happy with the job that you're doing.
  And I I like having you here.
  Well, I like being here, but  not as much as like (reads) Tiffany Seraris.
  The poor thing went to cat camp.
  So what are you saying?  Well, I'm saying I didn't realize  that there was a huge pile of way more qualified people  just like waiting to be hired.
  Yeah.
 But you're learning.
  I know, but I'm taking someone's desk here.
  Like someone who actually wants to touch animals a lot.
  Like  Maybe there's a job out there that I'm better suited for.
  And some other like gorgeous,  slightly under qualified girl is sitting at my desk  asking herself the same question.
  Okay  I'm just realizing that wanting to come in  and laugh at your animal puns isn't enough  when there is like people here.
  Those were genuine laughs?  Sometimes, yeah.
  Well, I can't say the reception will be as fun,  but that's really generous of you, Alexis.
  Like, surprisingly generous.
  No I know.
  So, um,  I guess I should go.
  I have my graduation tonight, so.
  Well, it's only eleven.
  And I am paying you for the day.
  I totally get that.
  I will stay until four.
  Day ends at five, but sure.
  (Dog barks)  Johnny: Damian Steele.
  Okay, we will see you soon! Bye.
  Yeah.
  Stevie! Stevie!  Stevie: Have you tried restarting it? What?  Oh.
 Sorry, I thought you were having trouble  with the computer again.
  No, no.
  Well, I'm stuck on all caps, but no.
  Come here, take a look.
  Look, we are sold out.
  I just booked the last room.
  Are you sure you didn't put the same reservation in twice?  Because you've done that before.
  No.
 Booked.
  We can now fire up the 'no' in the 'no vacancy' sign.
  Oh, yeah, that burnt out years ago.
  Sadly it hasn't been an issue, but  maybe we could use the 'no' from the 'no refunds' sign.
  All right.
 We'll figure out.
  But I am so proud of our little team.
  Up here.
 Come on.
  I don't think we're those kind of people.
  In the sky! Here we go!  Yeah! Big day!  Big day, Stevie!  Moira: As long as we have some time,  I thought we'd revisit this delightful little number.
  I can't even remember why we stopped working on it.
  Because we are an ensemble group  And this requires a lead vocal  that just happens to be in your range.
  Ronnie,  When one of us shines, all of us shine.
  That is the meaning of ensemble.
  Sorry, gals.
  I just got caught up on the phone.
  I have good news and, and some bad news.
  Oh.
 Is the bad news that there is no good news?  My aunt used to play this game with me a lot.
  The good news is I just got off the phone  with the little towns big voices festival  and the Elmdale songbirds have had to drop out  at the last minute.
  They got a terrible stomach flu  that just run right through them.
  So the festival was wondering  if the Jazzagals would sub in tonight!  (Happy gasps) Oh, wow.
  And of course the bad news is  that Moira and I won't be able to attend.
  (Disappointed reactions)  Oh.
 I'm sorry, w-why can't I?  Because your daughter is graduating high school.
  Oh.
 And what a grand night it will be  for you and your charges.
  But the Roses' will not be at graduation.
  No, Alexis has veritably browbeaten us not to attend.
  I wouldn't be surprised if she skips the whole affair herself.
  Waggish little nymph, that she is.
 So  Well, then I guess it's just me  that won't be making it to the festival.
  Oh, Jocelyn, don't worry we will do you proud.
  I think we might just have the perfect number for it.
  Don't you think?    (Door creaks open and shut)  (Keys jingle)  Well, look at you  You are radiant.
  Hardly.
  You are, Alexis.
  Oh, I'd advise against the mortarboard.
  It'll flattens the hair and pull focus away  from that beautiful face.
  Well, I think everyone has to wear one.
  Hm.
 But by not wearing one, you'll stand out.
  And by the fact that you're a good ten years older  than everyone else.
  Okay.
  Um, is this straight? Does it look okay?  Mhm.
  I'm so proud of you.
  I don't know why.
  Everybody graduates from high school.
  You know, it isn't easy.
 Especially at your age.
  Okay, Can you please stop saying that.
  Alexis, you've worked very hard  and now that you've done this,  the world is gonna open up wide for you.
  Um, you know  It's not too late if you wanna come.
  Hey, it's okay.
 Don't worry about me.
  Mommy is going to be fine.
  And I'll respect your wishes.
  I'm just saying like if you do wanna come.
  Well, it's a little late now.
  Whatever, if you have plans that's totally fine.
  Now I do.
  Now I'm doing a big concert with the Jazzagals.
  Because you're the one who told us  you didn't want anyone there.
  Okay.
 Totally is, it's totally fine.
  Had I known.
  It's gonna be long and boring anyway so.
  Alexis.
  Alexis, I hope you know  that you have been and always will be  one of my top priorities.
  Thanks.
  Well, we'll see you afterwards.
  We'll all have lots to celebrate then.
  All of us.
  (Crickets chirp)  (Music plays softly)  I almost didn't see you there  through the mad rush of the Friday night dinner crowd.
  I'm just so relieved that I made a reservation.
  Yes.
 Well, You look very nice.
  Oh, thanks.
 Well, you know, I assumed that the cafe  would have a dinner jacket policy  and I didn't wanna wear one of theirs.
  Mhm.
 Well, the amazing thing about this place  is that they've done such a wonderful job  of editing down the menu to a very concise,  world-class selection of international cuisine.
  Agreed.
 Agreed.
  Dare we try the deep fried mozzarella stick platter?  Mmm.
 They do a lovely wine pairing with that so  Sorry, I'm late.
  Is everybody here or are other people coming?  I don't know.
 Is anyone else coming?  No.
 This is uh, this is it.
  In case you didn't know, I'm widely popular.
  Some might even venture to call me beloved.
  That's a bit of a stretch.
  Welcome Stevie.
  I, I, I'm sorry if I'd known you were coming  I would have them set three places but  Oh.
 Did I not tell you?  But, you know, hey, the more the merrier.
  I'm just going to hit the restroom real quick.
  And then I'll come back.
  Happy birthday.
  Thank you.
  Is this okay? Yeah.
 Why?  Because he bought you a present.
  It's very nicely wrapped.
  So I think I'm crashing a date?  Oh, no.
 No, no.
  He thinks you guys were here, one-on-one.
  He brought you a present.
  I didn't even get you a present.
  No, I noticed that.
  Do you want me to look?  No I don't want you to look.
  Okay, I'll just say this  if there's anything remotely sentimental in here,  he is on a date with you right now.
  (Applause)  Sophie Nguyen  (Applause)  Brad Poloski  Which ones are your parents?  Oh, um, I told them not to come.
  Alexis Rose.
  (Applause)  (Door shuts)  Oh, I see you found my present.
  Um, Yeah.
 We just didn't want anything to spill on it.
  So you put it on the table?  Yeah.
 Huh  Open it, David!  Oh, no, no, no no, you can open it later.
  It's really not a big deal.
  It's not  This is the first gift I haven't bought myself  in a very long time.
  So thank you.
  You're gonna be really underwhelmed  when you open it.
 Trust me.
  It's not-See.
 It's nothing.
  What is it?  Oh, it's just the receipt  from our first sale at the store.
  Um, this is not nothing.
  So, thank you.
  I overheard someone wanted Mozzarella sticks  for their birthday.
  Pretty sure I scraped off all the freezer burn.
  Wow.
 Look at those.
  Do you guys need anything else?  'Cause I'm just heading out so  You know what, I have to go too.
  I totally forgot.
  I'm gonna take some to go.
  Okay.
 I should warn you, these don't travel well.
  Even coming from the kitchen they lost a lot of shape.
  Um, this is a very solid frame.
  Thank you, I'm learning.
  Shall we? Mmm.
  (Low hum of chatter)  What are you doing here? It's your graduation.
  What do you think I'm doing here? I was just taking pictures.
  I just quit, I thought you wouldn't wanna come  Let's try to find another word for 'quit.
'  You know, it kinda implies poor management.
  Besides you just,  'cause you've decided to move on,  doesn't mean we can't still see each other, right?  Mhm.
  Move down.
 Sorry.
  Sorry.
 Sorry.
 Thank you.
  I'm really glad you're here.
  Me too.
  I'm gonna have to look at those photos  before you share them or post them.
  Yeah.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
  (Johnny on the phone) No, I-I'm very sorry to tell you  that we are all booked up tonight.
  No room at the inn!  (Door opens) Yeah.
  No, no.
 I can imagine with that many kids  and a grandmother, that it might be tough  getting last-minute accommodations but  Hello? Hello?  Wow, isn't this a hot spot to be on a Friday night, huh?  Well, this is a big night, Roland.
  That's good.
 Waiting for our last guest.
  He was supposed to be show up an hour ago.
  Well, Johnny, I would love to sit and wait with you,  but I've got a reservation,  so if you could just give me my room key that'd be great.
  You have a reservation? Mhm.
  Yeah.
 Roland, we have a full house tonight,  and I do not see your name down here.
  Johnny, you'll find me under Damien Steele.
  You're Damien Steele?  Shh! Come on,  I don't want the whole town to find out.
  Roland, I've been waiting here all night  for Damien Steele  It's David's birthday, Alexis is graduating.
  See Johnny, the mayor of the town  can't use his real name to check into a love motel.
  Yeah, it's not a love motel, Roland.
  Oh, It will be tonight, my friend.
  See, Jocelyn and I have a yearly tradition.
  Every grad night we like to pretend to be other people  if you know what I mean.
 Yeah, you just told me what you mean.
  Oh, we've been doing this ever since our own grad night.
  If you catch my drift.
  Yeah, I caught your drift when you told me what you mean.
  So when Joce shows up and she says  her name is Lisa Meriweather,  just roll with it, okay?  Here is your key, Roland.
  Okay.
 Damien.
  Congratulations, graduates,  in honor of your achievement,  we have an extra special surprise.
  Ted: Hm.
 Hm.
 Okay.
  I think we're good here.
  Oh really? She said, extra special.
  I think we should stay.
  (Low hum of chatter)  Oohhh Tu, baroo, Tu baroo   Sha la la, Ohhhh   Tu, Tu, Tu, baroo   Ohhhh, oohhhh   Sha la la,   Ohhhh, bop   Baby I'm yours (baby I'm Yours)   And I'll be yours until   The stars fall from the sky   Yours until the rivers all run dry   In other words, until I die (Bop)   Baby I'm yours (baby I'm Yours)   And I'll be yours (yours)   Until the sun no longer shines   (Car rumbles)  Well, that was a fun night.
  I'm really glad I decided to invest  in your business, David.
  That is really lovely thing to say.
  And I'm so glad you did, Patrick,  because you've really helped to turn it  into the success that it is.
  Hmm.
 A bold claim.
  (Clears throat)  Thank you.
  For what? Um, I've never done that before  with a guy.
  Okay.
  Yeah.
 And uh, (chuckle)  I was getting a little scared  that I was gonna let you leave here  without us having done that.
  So uh,  thank you  for um  making that happen for us.
  Well, um,  fortunately, I'm an very generous person.
  So  Can we talk tomorrow?  Hm.
 We can talk whenever you'd like.
  Just preferably not before 10 a.
m.
,  Um, 'cause I'm not really a morning person.
  Mhm.
  (Door opens)  Goodnight, David.
  (Door shuts) Goodnight, Patrick.
  Happy birthday, David.
 Happy graduation, Alexis.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
  For he's a jolly good fellow,   For she's a jolly good fellow,   For they're two jolly good fellows   For graduating today and being born today   (Clapping)  "Happy day Alex and Davis".
  We've done the best we can.
  And we should congratulate your mother  on her performance tonight.
  (Clapping)  Let's not forget, your father, Mr.
 Rose,  sold out this motel for the first time ever.
  (Quiet clap)  Okay.
 Yeah!  (Clapping, laughing)  For we're all jolly good people,   For we're all jolly good people   For we're all jolly good people   Okay, I think that this is really pulling focus  from my birthday a bit though.
  That your Mother and me   And Father and me   Are so proud oooffff!       

                




                    			Jocelyn: Okay, Jazzigals,  let's gather in for a warm up!  Okay!  Oh, before we start,  I just wanna warn everybody,  there is a murderer on the loose.
  In this town.
 Uh-oh.
  So heads up, eyes peeled, guys.
  Moira: Twyla, are you all right?  I will be  if I can get a few friends together this weekend  to catch this murderer.
  Until then, it shall remain a mystery!  Oh, I think I know where this is going!  It's my murder mystery party this weekend.
  Oh, I see!  Sorry if I scared anyone.
  Jocelyn: I was scared you weren't gonna  to have it this year!  John and I used to attend "Eyes Wide Shut" parties  at the Castros'.
  Though I'm guessing your evening's activities  might be somewhat different.
  I don't know,  it can get pretty wild.
  Oh yeah, you never know how the evening's gonna end!  Or when!  Well, John and I would love to help you  ensnare this maniac,  but we have plans this Saturday night.
  Oh well, the party's actually Friday.
  I had a 50/50 chance there.
  So you can come?  Oh, I would be pleased to RSVP as  pending.
  Just uh, as soon as I double check,  and circle back.
  Mhmm.
  Oh, this is gonna be so great!   1:00 P.
M.
, terrific.
  Yeah, looking forward.
  Bye.
  Did somebody book a room?  Even better, someone might book a room.
  How is that better?  A lot of people might book a room if this goes through.
  Okay, but you're still using the word "might.
"  That was the Elm Glen Golf Club.
  They wanna put together a package with us.
  A weekend of golf,  and a stay at a luxurious motel.
  What motel is that?  I'm gonna let them work out the verbiage,  but the upshot is this,  on a $250 dollar package,  a cool $40 goes into our pockets.
  That sounds like a better deal for them.
  Well, it's all about building bridges, Stevie.
  But here's the thing,  even if this deal falls through,  we still get an afternoon on a golf course!  "We?"  This is a big day for us, Stevie!  You know it's been three years  since I've played a round of golf?  Yeah, um golf's not really my thing.
  Except there was this one point in high school  where I got this haircut that everyone said  made me look like I was in the LPGA.
  Well listen, I'm sure you could use  an afternoon outdoors, okay?  Think of it as a team-building exercise.
  Okay.
  I might even let you drive the cart.
  Can you drink on the cart? Yeah.
  Well, I will get the "back in 15 minutes" sign.
  Well, it's gonna take longer than 15 minutes.
  You have to give people hope.
  (Music plays, patrons chatter)  So, Mrs.
 Rose,  I don't mean to pressure you,  but I am anxious to know  Understandably, yes, BLT please, no bread.
  Oh, I meant if you were coming  to the murder mystery party.
  Oh that, yes.
  Yes, you are?  It's just that it's the end of the week Twyla,  so that's always chockablock.
  And then there are the kids  Well, both of them,  David, Alexis.
  Well, I know you're busy, I was just-I don't know,  I was just hoping you'd bring a little something  to the party.
  A touch of celebrity, perhaps.
  I was actually thinking bagel bites.
 Ah!  Did I mention it was a potluck?  Oh, you most certainly did not.
  Well, I would ask someone else,  it's just that uh, so far no one is coming.
  No one's coming to your party?  Well, in fairness, the party is still a few hours away.
  And some people did say that if another thing  that's supposed to happen doesn't happen,  then they might be able to come,  so, that's good.
  So as of now you have no one on your guest list?  Well, I shouldn't have said no one,  My mom will come.
  And she'll probably bring whoever she's dating.
  And he'll most likely bring some younger friend.
  Twyla, this is unacceptable!  There are myriad tactics to boost numbers at your party!  Well, you start by comping a few influential guests.
  You'd be shocked at how many celebrities show up to a thing  with the promise of a free Wagyu slider.
  I-I'm not charging anyone, this is just for fun.
  Oh, this is worse than I assumed!  How about a signature cocktail?  I hadn't thought of that.
  Okay, shouldn't you be Oh, yeah.
  Okay, we're going to start with follow-up.
  You secure your VIP list,  and you work your way down from there.
  (Birds chirp)  (Door slams)  Hi.
 Hi.
  Where's Stevie?  Um, I don't know, but she will be back in 15 minutes.
  What are you doing?  I'm just checking the mail.
  Did you know you can still get mail?  Yes, I know about mail.
  No, but I'm talking about like, mail, mail.
  Like a little man in a uniform,  with his satchel full of letters,  traveling door to door.
  Um, that's a mailman.
  And he comes to your house, you pay him,  and he gives you your stuff.
  I think it's free delivery, David.
  I don't think so Mmm!  How far into the 15 minutes do you think we are?  Okay, don't take this the wrong way,  but you've just been kind of hanging around a lot lately,  which isn't a bad thing, Mhmm  but it's also not a good thing.
  Yeah, um  it's just that the town only has so many ex-boyfriends  to hand out secretary work.
  Um, first of all, David,  I'm an assistant, not a secretary, Oh.
  And second of all, Ted is not my ex-boyfriend,  he is ex-fiance.
  And I'll have you know,  that I might not be an assistant for much longer.
  What is this?  It's Elmdale College.
 Ooh.
  Ted and I have been talking about me doing like,  an accounting course,  or an office management course,  but I think I can maybe broaden my horizons a bit.
  You've circled "Stars and Cosmology?"  Oh yeah, I thought it said "Cosmetology.
"  Ugh!  Can I just for a sec?  Here is Jocelyn's visor,  and her glove.
  Oh, uh, I don't think I'm gonna be playing,  but thanks.
  Okay, you know what, just in case you change your mind,  why don't I show you a few pointers?  I can do it right here on Johnny.
  Oh, I don't think so.
  I mean, a few pointers couldn't hurt.
  Oh, I-I don't think that necessary.
 Here, come on, Jonathan.
  Okay, whoa.
 Come on down.
  Right there, let me see your stance,  what do you got goin' here?  Well, the set up is very important, Stevie.
  Uh, legs so far apart,  knees slightly bent.
 Ooh!  Make sure you're nice and balanced over the ball.
  Yeah, woo!  Johnny, I gotta tell you, you have a sensational stance.
  Well, I've been golfing for 30 years, Roland.
  Wow, I like that.
  There's one thing I don't like about it,  and let me show it to you.
  I don't think I was asking.
  Well, I think it's better that we show Stevie,  than just talk about it, don't you?  Right, okay, so just first off,  spread your legs just a little wider, if you would, for me.
  All right.
 There, see, Stevie?  They've gotta be like, sort of even with the shoulders,  and if you would just pop the old tush  Just go, Bam!  That's it, and now loosen up a little bit.
  Okay.
 Yeah!  All right, you know what, Roland, I think  I should be showing you,  because I don't really think you know  what you're doing.
  Yes, right.
 Okay now, grip, very important.
  Yeah? Are you using the Vargon grip?  I'm using La Va Grande.
  Are you watching this, Stevie?  Yeah, this is just a little hard to understand,  so I want a record of it.
  Okay, delete that, please! Can I get a copy of that?  Yeah.
  Oh hi, Moira.
 Hi.
  I thought that Roland might still be here.
  No, it seems our mayor is keeping summer hours.
  Gotcha.
  Jocelyn  it's really good to see you out and about.
  Yes, I was starting to worry.
  Why? Well, I happened to be chatting  with our dear little Twyla about her party tonight,  and she mentioned that you have yet to RSVP?  And I thought, that's not the Jocelyn I know.
  What must've felled her?  I'm fine, here's the thing.
  These parties are not great.
  Last year it went until 3 am,  And Twyla just wandered around kind of winking at everybody,  until she realized she hadn't picked a murderer.
  And then the year before there were three murderers,  and one of them actually robbed the cafe!  Well, I hear this year is going to be very different.
  Twyla apparently sought counsel.
  Expect thoughtful party favors,  themed cocktails,  first class catering.
  I thought it was a potluck?  You, Jocelyn, are the mayor's wife,  you are the self-appointed leader of the Jazzigals,  and most importantly,  Twyla worships you.
  She does? Yes.
  This party has real momentum now.
  And with you attached,  it's no less than a snowball gathering speed,  picking up bodies as it rolls downhill.
  And that's good? Very good.
  (Laughs)  Well, I guess I could talk to the other Jazzigals.
  I just wish I hadn't thrown out that flapper dress  from Halloween last year.
  Oh! Spread the word!  Be the snowball.
  Be the snowball!  Okay, it's just that I misplaced  my high school diploma when we lost our house.
  No, I wish it was a flood.
  Okay well, chasing down the paperwork  seems like a lot of work.
  No, I know that  I know that your courses require a lot of work,  I'm just what if it was a flood?  Okay fine, I will call you back with the paperwork, thanks.
  (Phone beeps off)  Um, what's going on?  Are you looking at courses now?  Um, I'm just putting some feelers out.
  A lot of people have encouraged me  to build on the skills I acquired as creative director  of the Blouse Barn, so.
  Like who?  I thought it could be good for me.
  Okay, well, this is sort of my thing, though.
  I really don't think you can claim education  as your thing,  and I don't even think I'll be able to take those courses,  because the stupid people at the college  wouldn't just take my word for it when I told them  that I had a high school diploma.
  But why do you need it, though?  To prove that I graduated high school.
  Well, it's not like they're gonna be like,  "oh, you don't have your high school diploma,  you can't come to our college.
"  That's almost word for word  what they just said to me on the phone.
  Well  I just don't think I have that kind of time.
  Okay, what are you doing? Reorganizing my knits!  (Car rumbles)  (Birds chirp)  Oh, there they are.
 Oh.
  Mr.
 Rose, Ms.
 Budd.
  Yes, please call me Johnny.
  Always nice to put a face to the name.
  Oh, I see you two came dressed for the occasion.
  Always ready.
  I like your visor.
 Thanks, it's new.
  So I hear there's quite a few new developments at your motel.
  Uh, we'd love to hear about them,  why don't we have a seat?  Oh, you wanna have the meeting inside?  On a day like this?  Sorry, did you think we'd be playing a round?  Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
  We-we had a meeting earlier at another club,  and they wanted us to test drive the course,  so we're in the attire.
  Oh, where were you playing?  Uh, we were playing at um  it was what course, Stevie?  It was down the road.
  Uh, Maple  Grove? Grove, Maple Grove.
  Maple Grove?  No, I don't know that one.
  Oh, really? It's a beautiful course.
  Very exclusive, Uh, but it is set  way back off the road, it's  Which might explain why you've never seen  or heard of it.
 Yeah.
  Johnny: So every room will have wi-fi,  and upgraded beds,  Uh, working toilets, which probably sounds like  something I don't need to mention but you know,  just covering all the bases.
  Well, that sounds great.
  Well, it's just that um  We've been talking to the Elmington Moto-Lodge,  and they've got coin laundry, and a Jacuzzi.
  Well, we can certainly put in a Jacuzzi.
  Yeah, Jacuzzis are very popular with our golfers.
  Well, as an avid golfer myself,  I can tell you that when you buy a golf package,  you don't necessarily want to spend the entire weekend  sitting in your room.
  (Managers laugh)  Well, thanks for coming by.
  And definitely let us know when you've got that Jacuzzi.
  Yes, we uh, we will.
  I guess that's all, that's it now, thanks.
  Yeah, well, listen, it's uh still early,  do you guys have any other plans this afternoon?  We have another meeting.
  Oh well, you know what they say,  too much work  (All laugh)  Well, thanks for coming in.
 Okay.
  You go on ahead, I'm just gonna go use the restroom.
  Oh sure, might as well use some of the amenities.
  (Car whooshes by)  (Dogs bark)  Hey.
  Um, you know those courses we were talking about?  Oh yeah, I thought that data management one  looked like it might be good for you.
  Mhmm, yeah, I had the same thought,  but when I looked into it, all the courses were full.
  And then the courses that weren't full  conflicted with each other,  and then everything just canceled out.
  Alexis, if you don't wanna take the course,  you don't have to take the course.
  No, there were courses that did look very interesting.
  Um, it's just kind of complicated.
  Yeah, but it's so worth it.
  Sometimes I wish I could go back to college.
  Pub nights, frisbee in the quad  Hmm! Late night hacky sack.
  Mhmm.
  We got some serious sack circles going.
  Oh, so many sex circles.
  Sack.
 Hacky sack.
  We always hoped they'd lead to sex,  but still.
  College, so crazy.
  So crazy.
  Um  Okay, the thing is  I can't go to college,  yet.
  Because I didn't finish high school.
  Oh.
 I know.
  It's so embarrassing, and I never should've taken  that semester off.
  But I did meet Beyonce in Mykonos,  so it was almost worth it.
  Didn't you say on your resume  that you did four years at UCLA?  Yes technically,  if you consider Bel Air an extension of the campus,  which everybody does.
  This might sound crazy,  but I almost think I should finish high school.
  That doesn't sound crazy at all.
  And truth be told,  it took me a minute to finish high school myself.
  You're only saying that to make me feel better.
  No, no, me and some friends, we just got in a car,  and took off.
 Really?  Yeah, we were following the American Idol tour.
  We missed a couple shows,  but it's always the exact same set,  so no regrets.
  Um, I really wish you hadn't told me that last little bit,  but thank you.
  That makes two of us.
  Good round? Not bad.
  Greens are a little fast, but I like that.
  Me too.
  I've given a heads-up to the starter.
  The tee is yours.
  Have a great round, you two.
 Thanks so much.
  How did you make that happen?  I asked.
  Well, that's very nice, Stevie!  Thank you.
  Okay, let's get our golf sticks.
  David,  and why am I not surprised to see you in here?  Well, this is my room.
  Well, it's disheartening to see you like this.
  Did you know that according to IMDB,  Rosa Parks was in an episode of "Touched By an Angel?"  Exactly, David.
  You are bored, lethargic,  and practically dripping with ennui!  Okay, that's a bit much.
  I blame myself.
  I've set a standard of activity and engagement  so high you don't even try.
  Okay, I am on a much needed respite  whilst in between jobs.
  You are squandering your social capital.
  A taste-maker like you should be out there,  tasting things!  Uh, I'm at the buffet,  and there is nothing to taste!  Well, there's a party tonight, as a matter of fact.
  The murder mystery thing? Why not?  Does this town not deserve to have a marquee guest  like yourself grace their humble soiree?  Speaking of marquee guests,  I'm surprised you're going.
  I can understand why you'd say that,  but don't you just know Twyla would be thrilled  to have as many Roses there tonight as possible!  (Sighs)  Fine, I will make a surprise appearance.
  Good.
 But it's twice around the room,  and then I'm out.
 Is there any other way?  Oh, and it's Roaring Twenties themed,  and I know you have a soft spot for seersucker.
  I won't be dressing up.
 Aw, say, don't be a dew-dropper!  Throw some concealer under those peepers,  make like a swell, and go put on the Ritz!  (Birds chirp)  (Grass rustles)  (Thwack)  Woo.
 Good golf shot!  Thank you, Stevie.
  Ah  (Golf cart starts up and rumbles off)  (Crickets chirp)  (Clinks) Oh!  John, are you going to be done soon?  Just working on my short game, Moira.
  Stevie and I are pitching Oak Valley next week,  I just wanna make sure I'm ready.
  Well, the endless tinking of putter to ball  tells me you will be.
  Well, it's for the motel.
  It's not like I'm enjoying this.
  (Phone rings) Ohhhh!  Beautiful, see that?  (Phone rings) Ahem!  Rose residence.
  Uh, where are you?!  May I ask who's calling?  You know who this is, and you know where I am.
  Did everyone show up?  Yes, everybody showed up.
  Good, then my work is done.
  Uh no, your job is not done,  You guilted me into coming here tonight!  And you're better off for it, David.
  You should thank me.
  Twyla was set to throw a fiasco until I exerted my influence.
  Uh yeah, and the way Twyla keeps asking  about where you are,  I'm pretty sure you're the murderer.
  They'll never catch me.
  Ugh!  Who was that?  I don't know.
    because we trusted you!  That school cost $250,000 dollars!  I know, and I felt so bad about it.
  And that is why I missed my final semester.
  Wait a minute, we were at the graduation!  Yeah! I know, but I wasn't.
  We saw you there!  Did we, though? Yeah.
  We were there,  we might not have stayed through the "R's,"  I think we left halfway through the "L's.
"  Oh, yeah, it got very repetitive.
  No, I distinctly remember a celebratory lunch  at the Hotel de Ville, in Crissier,  and you'd had that unfortunate run-in  with the spray tan machine.
  Uh-uh.
 No, that was-that was me.
  Ah! Yeah!  Then how do you explain this graduation photo?  Huh?  That's Jess Chang!  What? Jess Chang? Ugh!  Well, who can tell with all this hair  in front of your face?  That's not my face!  Okay, why didn't anyone come to my graduation?  Well, you didn't graduate in Switzerland.
  And whose fault is that?!  How long have you been carrying that around in your wallet?!      

                




                    			1 (Piano plays) (Low hum of chatter)  (Moira and David sing jazzy "Silent Night")  Silent night  Holy night  All is calm  All is bright  Round yon virgin, Mother and child   Holy infant, so tender and mild   Sleep in heavenly peace  Sleep in heavenly  Sleep in heavenly peace  (Applause) (Moira giggles)  Oh, thank you, thank you.
  Now, Aretha will be out in just a moment.
  Oh, who needs Aretha, when we have you, darling? Ha ha!  Paul Shaffer, you are my most cherished friend!  And, worth every penny.
  Oh, you guys are too kind.
  And now a special little sec  David, you can step aside now, dear.
  Paul: There he goes, David Rose.
  And now, a special little secular something  I'd like to dedicate to my husband,  Mr.
 Johnny Rose!  (Crowd chants) Johnny! Johnny! Johnny! Johnny!  Johnny! Johnny! Johnny! Johnny!  Johnny! Johnny!  Moira: John? John, you're talking in your sleep again.
  Oh.
  What day is it?  Christmas Eve.
  (Owl hoots)  Wake me when it's over.
  (Owl hoots)   (Door opens, light clicks on) David: Ah!  Johnny: Kids! Alexis: Ugh!  Outta bed, it's Christmas Eve,  and this year we will be celebrating the holiday!  I'm good, thanks, though.
  Okay, can you turn the lights off, please?  No, I refuse to turn off the light  on Christmas again, this year.
  I understand not wanting to make a fuss our first year.
  We were depressed, and in shock.
  Last year Less shock, deeper depression.
  Well, I was going to say,  we were finally making some headway.
  Okay, so what exactly is your proposal, then?  Well, I say we throw a party.
 Just like the old days.
  Invite some people over, sing some carols.
  Okay, you know today is Christmas Eve, right,  and maybe people don't wanna spend it like, caroling  in front of mom's wig wall?  I can't think of a more festive way  to spend Christmas Eve, than all of us pitching in.
  Okay, I just don't know how we're gonna pull this off  without the grand piano, or the ice sculptures.
  Or the reindeer room.
  I'm afraid this whim of yours is going to obliterate  our precious holiday memories.
  Well, that's exactly the point, Moira.
  We have to make new memories.
  We have to start looking forward, not backward.
  Now, you and I will get the tree.
  David, you're in charge of the decorations,  'cause I don't wanna hear I've made another mistake.
  Alexis, I trust you can handle the guest list?  Oh, okay, re the guest list, um,  unfortunately, Ted and I will be unable to attend.
  Why? Cancel your plans! Ted is certainly welcome here!  Okay, what about the gift situation then,  because everything on my list requires pre-order.
  Okay, come on, let's get dressed, everybody.
  We're running out of time!  Look at you, Mr.
 Rose,  seemingly possessed by the Christmas spirit.
  Ha, ha! That reminds me,  somebody needs to find the menorah.
     David, we can have drinks literally any night.
  Christmas with your family sounds like fun.
  Yeah, it was fun, like way, way, way back.
  We used to throw these lavish Christmas parties.
  I'm sure you read about them.
 I have not.
  I see.
 Well they were big, and they were fun.
  And, ever since we moved here,  we just sort of decided to fast forward through the holidays.
  Well, as somebody who would love to be celebrating  with his family back home,  I think it's nice that your Dad's planning something.
  (Door opens) Stevie: Hello.
  Merry Christmas, Patrick! Merry Christmas, Stevie!  Do I not get a Merry Christmas, or ?  I thought you were Jewish?  I'm a delightful half-half situation,  which is why it's so annoying that my Dad thinks  he can boss people around on a holiday  that he technically has no authority over.
  Well, can whichever half is feeling the most generous  give me a discount on two cases of wine, please?  How many people does he think are showing up to this thing?  Oh, he only wanted one case.
  I have my own holiday tradition.
  It's like the 12 Days of Christmas,  but it's 1 day with 12 bottles of wine.
  That sounds like fun.
  Are we supposed to be doing anything for this party?  Um, yes, decorations,  but even if we could still afford Nate Berkus,  I'd burned that bridge in Ibiza.
  Okay, but we have plenty of decorations here, so.
  Yeah, that are for sale.
  We're not just giving away our inventory.
  Wow.
 So, what time is the Ghost of Christmas Past  coming to visit you tonight? Ooh, burn, David!  Anyway, I'm sure there's something at the motel.
  Don't you guys put up decorations over the holidays?  Um, Nana Bud used to.
  There's a box in the attic.
  Okay, so you do have decorations, then.
  Yeah, but I'm pretty sure they wouldn't be up to your standards.
  Well, they'll have to do, because at this point,  the party's at 7, and I don't have any time  to mood-board a color scheme.
  Okay.
 Thank you.
  Do you have time to mood-board a color scheme?  Does anyone? No.
  (Christmas music plays)  Knock, knock.
  Hey! Come in!  Smells so good in here!  Look at you in that flouncy apron,  you little Christmas Elf!  I'm gonna take that as a compliment,  even though everything inside me's telling me that it's not.
  What have we here?  Ah, it's just a bit of a tradition at Christmas parties  that I have with my friends.
  See, we do a cookie competition,  and then the winner gets to take home  all of the leftovers to their families on Christmas Day.
  So cute.
 I basically did exactly the same thing  with my friends once.
 But instead of cookies,  it was whatever we could find  in our parents' medicine cabinets,  and instead of a Christmas party,  it was an old boot factory in Krakow.
  Well, I, I did get up at the Krak-ow dawn,  so that Alexis could bake these cookies.
  Alexis didn't bake these cookies, though.
  Yeah, no, I know, I just thought that  we would say that you did,  so that we could give you a leg-up with my friends.
  Why would I need a leg-up with your friends?  No, no reason.
  They are very excited to meet you.
  (Alexis chuckles) Just  It did take a bit of convincing,  after the called-off engagement s.
  But, they have all agreed to give you one last chance.
  What?  I shouldn't have said one last chance, I just meant like,  one more final chance.
  I-I'm making this sound worse than it is.
  They-they're gonna love you.
  Wow, what if something came up and I couldn't come?  Yeah.
 What if I missed chest and back day?  Rather not think about it.
  Wait did something come up? No, no.
 Not at all.
  Um, my Dad just had this last minute idea of um,  throwing a Christmas party tonight.
  So something did come up? I-I had thought that you said  that your family doesn't celebrate Christmas?  Well, we don't, normally.
  I honestly don't know what he's thinking.
  Okay, but I don't wanna keep you from your family.
  You're not.
  I do want to meet your cool, scary, judgy friends,  and the last thing I wanna do is cause you any trouble.
  So, why don't you just double this cookie recipe,  and we'll drop a batch off to my parents on our way?  O Kay, that's just 72 more cookies to make, then.
  ("Jingle Bells" plays)  (Door opens)  Oh, isn't this festive?  It's like an old-fashioned country Christmas, huh Moira?  Picking out a fresh-cut tree?  No, all I can think about is the 22' Norwegian Pine  we once had.
  And the protestors, shouting at the flatbed truck  as it made its way through our front gates.
  Now that was festive.
  Well, obviously we'll be looking at something  a bit more modest this year.
  But this time, at least,  we get to pick out the tree ourselves.
  Mm, smell those pine needles.
  Oh, hi, Mr.
 Rose.
  What you're smelling is actually  our holiday-scented car ornaments.
  They can be used in the car, or on your tree.
  Sold separately, of course.
  Looks like you're down to your last  little saplings, Raymond.
  Yes, so we're selling these for a special price.
  Ah, see, the Christmas spirit is all around us.
  Oh, I'm sorry, by special,  I meant higher price, because of demand.
  Oh.
 Well, that's all right.
  The tree's just a gesture.
  We don't need anything fancy.
  Okay, well, these over there are $100 per gesture,  or 2 gestures for $175.
  Let's go.
 I've had enough waking hours for one day.
  Moira, can I uh, see you in private, for a minute?  Please, take your time.
 Although uh,  keep in mind, with our inventory dwindling,  we're surge-pricing right now.
  Ah.
 Hmm.
  Oh.
  Tell me this, sweetheart,  have I asked you for a lot this year?  It depends, are we talking emotionally?  (Johnny sighs)  You know, in the old days, I stood by your side  no matter how you wanted to spend the holidays.
  Whether it was heading to Miami  for Puff Daddy's Poolside White Party,  or that uncomfortable tree trimming at Arnold and Maria's.
  How 'bout the night you wore your fur coat  to the PETA Christmas Fundraiser?  I hear Peter Fundraiser.
 Bogdanovich loved a mink.
  Well, I'd love it if you could just be a little more  on-board with all of this.
  Okay, John, for you.
  And Christmas.
  Okay, thank you, Moira.
 Ray?    How's it looking, Moira? Is it straight?  Oh, straight as an arrow.
  Ah, good.
  Oh, David, Stevie.
 That tree's not straight.
  Huh? I don't know, it's pretty straight.
  Let's see what we got here.
  Lights.
  We're missing a lot of bulbs, but, we'll make do.
  What else?  What's this, a pumpkin?  Perhaps a Christmas gourd.
  It's not a Christmas gourd, Moira.
  I know, John, but you requested I get on board.
  That was me getting on board.
  David, what's going on here?  This, this stuff is garbage.
  Um, it's Stevie's grandmother's decorations?  And by garbage, Stevie, you know, I I mean,  Oh, no, no, no.
 It's it's bad.
  What's this? Those would be Mardi Gras beads.
  Nanna Bud worked real hard for those.
  So we're getting warmer.
  This is all you could find, David? You own a store!  Where where are all the decorations  that you sell in your store?  Um they're at the store, being sold.
  I couldn't just bring everything home,  just because you wanted to have a party at the last minute.
  We're saving for stuff.
  Oh, well that's very responsible.
  What are you saving for? An espresso machine.
  You're selling coffee now?  Hmm it's more for the staff room.
  I'm gonna just go get that wine.
  It's for the staff room?  So you couldn't bring home decorations for your family  on Christmas because you're saving money  for a coffee maker for yourself?  I believe he said espresso machine.
  You're not helping, Moira.
  (Gasps) What is everybody yelling about?  Well, we have a Christmas tree,  but no decorations because your brother's a cheap-ass!  And right now we have the most un-Christmassy looking room,  that'll soon be filled with party guests  Speaking of, how's the guest list coming, Alexis?  I don't know, you tell me!  Why would I tell you?  You were in charge of the guest list!  Well, it's hard to be in charge of the guest list,  if no one's given it to me yet.
  Why would anybody give it to you?  You were in charge of making it!  Making it? I thought you wanted me to handle it?  Like, work the door,  make sure nobody gets in that isn't on the list!  It's Christmas Eve, Alexis!  Who's going out crashing other people's Christmas parties?  (Knock on door, door opens)  Ugh! Knock! Knock!  Any room left at the inn? (Chuckles)  I hope you guys all like gingerbread.
  Oh, you're too sweet.
  Oh no, it was the least we can do,  just sorry that we couldn't stick around for the party tonight.
  What's that? You didn't tell him?  Oh, my god.
 Okay, I hate this!  I opened red, I hope that's okay with everyone?  Alexis, I thought we agreed that you and Ted  would be coming here tonight?  I know, but Ted's friends are having a thing,  and everyone low-key hates me.
  Uh, hate is a strong word.
  Do you know what I think might put this jolly trolley  back on track? The release of the tree.
  Are you kidding me, Moira?  I don't see much point in doing that now.
  No, release it.
 Alexis: Yes.
  And I'll put the Jerry beads on the tree.
  We're not putting Mardi Gras beads on a Christmas tree, Alexis!  John, please, do the honors.
  (Alexis gasps)  (All clap)  Yay.
  (Scissors snap)  (Branches clank)  W I, for one, find it charming,  in sort of a a war-torn sort of way.
  If we rotate it?  Allow me.
  I can do that.
 I'll just  No, no, actually we don't wanna do that.
  Looks like the other side has been charred, or something.
  Um, what if we cut it up and turned it into garlands?  Why don't we just cut it up for firewood?  No this, this was a really stupid idea,  a little Christmas party.
  Something to temporarily take our minds off things.
  But clearly this was too much for all of you.
  And you're right, why start making an effort now?  John?  I'm gonna take a walk.
  It's meatloaf night at the cafe,  and if anything is screaming Christmas to me right now,  it's meatloaf.
  (Door opens and closes)  Okay I didn't wanna say anything,  but meatloaf night was yesterday.
  Dear God, I  Good night.
 Good night.
  David? Alexis?  ("O Christmas Tree" plays)  Moira, have you seen the kids? Whose kids?  Our kids?  That ship sailed hours ago, dear.
  Literally, Alexis and Stavros  are on his father's yacht by now.
  Off to Capri.
  Ah.
 And David?  Hm, David, last I heard he was screaming at Wolfgang.
  Apparently there weren't enough capers  on the smoked salmon crudites.
 Ah.
  I thought we could open presents tonight.
  Oh don't worry, I already gave them their checks.
  Quite something, isn't it? Hmm.
  All this? Yeah.
  Moira, come stand here with me for a minute.
  John, you know I would,  but I've already taken my Christmas pills,  and bitter experience has taught me  I have just 8 minutes to make it safely up the stairs.
  (Blows air kiss)  (Piano plays)  Woman's Voice: Mr.
 Rose?  Twyla: Mr.
 Rose!  Can I take your plate?  Oh, yes, yes, Twyla,  and please, thank the kitchen for the meatloaf.
  I could've sworn it was Wednesdays.
  It's always been Tuesdays.
 Oh.
  Is everything okay, Mr.
 Rose?  Why wouldn't it be, it's Christmas Eve?  And yet, here you are, eating yesterday's meatloaf.
  Hi, John.
  Moira.
  Twyla, thank you.
  I hope he didn't keep you too late.
  I'm sure you have somewhere to be.
  Actually, I do, but you guys take as long as you want.
  George will lock up.
 Merry Christmas, Twyla.
  Merry Christmas, Mr.
 Rose.
  Dinner is on us.
  (Footsteps thud)  Well, this isn't right, you sitting here alone.
  Oh, I don't know, it feels pretty familiar.
  Yes, I guess we've established  a pretty grim tradition these past few years.
  Well, I'm not talking about these past few years,  I was talking about the old days.
  Do you even remember how those big,  lavish Christmas parties used to end?  I think that's the sign of a successful soiree,  if you don't.
  I'd find myself standing alone,  staring at the tree,  and all I'd want,  I just thought, in spite of all the hardship that  We found ourselves coming together,  the kids, you, and me, as a family.
  And it just seemed like the perfect day to celebrate that.
  The perfect day for a Rose Family Christmas Party.
  John, I'm sorry.
  On behalf of the children,  for myself, I'm sorry, John.
  We didn't fully understand why this party  was so important to you.
  Well, doesn't matter now.
  No, guess we should get a move on.
  Ah, uh uh.
  Oh, there's no booze in that!  Ew!  Ew!  (Footsteps crunch in the snow)  Hm, the one nice thing about living in this desolate,  lonely place, is it can,  at times, be quite peaceful.
  Well, it wasn't too peaceful this afternoon,  I'm sorry to say.
  Oh, nah, it wouldn't be the holidays  without at least one good family fight.
  No, but what was I thinking, Moira?  Springing this party idea on everyone  was a little last minute.
  It appears there's been a Christmas miracle, John.
  All: Merry Christmas!  ("Jingle Bells" plays)  (Low hum of chatter)  Merry Christmas, John.
 Oh.
  Oh, David!  Is this the same tree?  Uh, theoretically.
  We have spent a very long time gluing it back together.
  Scary amount of super glue.
  Seriously, nobody should light a match in here.
  Mm hmm.
 And  Everyone chipped in.
  And there might have been a few things leftover at the store.
  So  Who wants bubbly? Merry Christmas, Mr.
 Rose.
  Merry Christmas, Dad.
  You know I hate to miss a good party.
  See? I knew you could handle a guest list.
  And um, just a heads up,  Ted's vet friends are coming by later,  and I have a sneaking suspicion they're a little bit  But, hmm.
 (Small chuckle)  Room looks good.
 Mm hmm.
  You still thinking about that espresso machine, aren't ya?  Yes.
 Yes, I am.
  One day.
 Mm hmm.
  Hey, Johnny, Merry Christmas.
  Merry Christmas, Roland.
  Little last minute, this little party of yours, huh?  Well, it seems last minute turned into last second.
  Well, all I'm saying is, next time um,  I'd appreciate my invitation about a week in advance, okay?  Well, if I have things my way,  we'll be making this an annual tradition,  so you can save the date now.
  No, that's way too far in advance,  I can't make that kinda commitment.
  Okay, Roland.
  Moira, it's so wonderful  that you made this happen for Johnny.
 Yeah.
  But, we were supposed to be caroling  at the senior's center 30 minutes ago.
  Oh, Jocelyn, surely the dentures have been dropped in  the glass by now.
  Can't we spare one carol here, before we go?  Why not.
 Yes.
  Twyla?  (Music ends)  (Low hum of chatter)  Silent night  Holy night  All is calm  All is bright  Round yon virgin  Mother and Child  Holy Infant  So tender and mild  Sleep in heavenly peace  Sleep in heavenly peace  Oh sleep  What, it's just nice.
 Nothing's happening.
  Looks like you're crying.
  Oh well, I'm not.
  It's just we're  We ran out of red! Oh.
  Sleep in heavenly peace  Sleep in heavenly peace  Anyone interested in opening a gift tonight?  I thought you said we weren't doing presents?  Well, you kids were so upset about there being no presents,  The Church had a small rummage sale this morning,  so I popped in.
  Close your eyes, Moira.
  Smaller, smaller, smaller.
  A bomb?  No, it's an antique tin.
 Oh.
  For your wig pins.
 Oh.
  David: Hmm.
 Ooh.
  Little something for you, Alexis.
  (Envelope rustles)  Stickers!  Of old men!  No, they're stamps, from all over the world.
  David, I know you like money.
 Yes.
  (Change clinks)  It's what looks like 1,000 Yen.
  Yeah.
  Hm.
 It's like being right back in Japan.
  Okay, okay, let's just smile and say thank you.
  Thank you.
  Oh, you know, reminds me,  I was worried about this menorah being so close to the garland.
  Last thing we want is to have the motel burn down.
  Or is it? What?      

                




                    			1 (Birds chirping)  (Cicada buzz)  (Footsteps thud)  (Blinds rasp open) Ah!  Ha, now that is what I call a beautiful morning!  Looks like another full house tonight.
  Things are starting to look up, sweetheart.
  Big waves! Big waves! (Knock on door)  Oh yes.
 Yes, tidal waves of prosperity  are crashing down, all around us.
  Soon enough.
 You just wait.
  (Door opens)  Hey partner, what's the good word?  There's a dead guy in Room 4.
  What? Whadda ya mean there's a dead guy in  come in, come in.
  Moira: Did I hear what I think I heard?  Has someone been killed? Stevie: No.
  No! No, John, no.
 No!  I have endured a cornucopia of trauma that last few years,  I draw the line at living in a crime scene.
  Okay, nobody's been murdered, Mrs.
 Rose.
  I went in to clean Room 4,  and this old guy was like, asleep in his bed.
  But like, forever asleep.
  (Sighs) Like, checked out without paying, asleep.
  Okay, I think it's a little early for humor, Stevie.
  Oh, I'm sorry, did you just see a dead body?  What did this gentleman look like?  I don't know, like old.
 John old? Or old, old?  Well, I don't quite see the relevance  in that question, Moira, the man is dead.
  I mean we can't have the other guests finding out  about a dead body in one of the rooms.
  Ugh! Ew! There's a dead body  in one of the rooms? Okay, I always knew  there'd be a murder here eventually.
  I'm gonna go pack up my things, I assume we're moving?  We're not packing up our things,  and everybody just calm down.
 Nobody's been murdered.
  Okay, the old man in Room 4 died alone in his sleep.
  Why do I find that scenario even more bone-chilling than murder?  Stevie, do we know how this man expired?  Do I look like a coroner?  I don't think you want people answering that question.
  It feels like every time the motel sells out, someone dies.
  Uh, we've only sold out one night.
  Exactly.
     So you and Patrick are sitting in his car last night,  and you just leaned in and kissed him?  Okay, what part of this conversation  don't you understand? Okay, and he wanted that.
  Yes.
  Like he told you that he wanted that.
  Fall off a bridge, please.
  You gave me such a hard time for getting involved with Ted,  and then you just French your business partner  literally the second he peeks his head out of the closet.
  I'll have you know this is the healthiest first day  of a relationship I've ever had.
  Well, all I know is that Patrick is  a sweet little button face, David,  so don't mess this up.
  (Door opens) Johnny: Oh good,  I'm glad you're both still here.
  We're gonna need your room for the night,  so uh, pack up.
  Um, no.
 Absolutely not.
  Johnny: The motel is sold out  and we're unable to remove a body, and disinfect Room 4,  in time for check-in.
  Okay, every inch of that sentence made me sick.
  Moira: I agree with David, we must all move on from this.
  Did I say that? Well there's no use wasting time  worrying about what happened?  Johnny: We're not worrying about what happened, Moira,  we're trying to find a solution,  and I'm gonna need the family to help us through this.
  Okay, why don't the new guests stay in your room?  It'll take day just to re-box your mother's wigs.
  Oh my God, can you imagine? Not one of you is trained.
  Okay, bottom line, we need the room,  so throw some things in a bag  and we're gonna set you up in our room.
  Okay, I've never just thrown some things in a bag before,  so you might have to give me a minute.
  Yeah, and I'm gonna be sleeping somewhere else.
  Same.
 Like literally anywhere else.
  Yeah, like an old tent by the side of the highway.
  Okay, enough, let's get going, please?  Yes, yes, plenty of work to be done.
  Unfortunately my previous engagements preclude me  from offering my beneficence around the motel today.
  John, I hate to leave you like this!  Yeah, I know, Moira, you know, busy busy.
  I want the room cleaned up in an hour.
 Okay.
  Um, I'm gonna need a roll of dry-cleaning bags,  and some padlocks.
  (Door opens and closes)  Okay, so Roland knows a guy at the coroner's office.
  Wait, you told Roland? Yes.
  I don't know, I-I ran into him, and he asked me how I was.
  Well, that's not good, Stevie.
 No, I might have panicked.
  I wouldn't trust Roland with a set of chopsticks,  let alone a dead body! Yeah.
  Oh, hello! Hello.
  Checking out?  Roland: Hello, Johnny.
 Stevie.
  I come bearing good news.
  Okay, Roland, as you can see,  Mr.
 Rose is checking out a guest right now,  so maybe you can hold off on that good news?  Oh sure, I got it.
  Uh, well let me just say this,  re the toilet that died in Room 4,  the plumber will be here in a few hours.
  He said he'd be here sooner, but he has another autopsy.
  Toilet on the fritz.
  (Door opens and closes)  Okay, so, what'd the coroner say?  My guys will be here between 4 and 5.
  Well, that's not good,  we can't have the guests watching a dead body  being dragged out of here.
  So probably best to keep your guests in their rooms.
  And, how're we gonna do that?  Do the rooms lock from the outside?  We're not locking the guests in their rooms, Roland.
  Well, I'm sure they'll be fine, Johnny.
  I saw a lot of dead bodies when I was a kid,  (German accent) und I would say that I turned out pretty okay.
  (Door opens and closes) Hmm.
  (Dog barking)  Ted: Thank you very much.
 Man: Bye.
  Alexis! Oh my God, Ted, hey!  Um, was there like a pet massacre, or something?  What is with all these sad looking people?  Uh, nope, all these perfectly happy-looking people  are actually applying for your old job.
  I literally just quit, Ted.
  Again, quit implies a negative connotation  and I'd say that we had a pretty fun time working together.
  We did have a pretty fun time.
 (Laughs)  That's not what I meant, but anyway, what's up?  Oh, I just wanted to thank you again  for coming to my graduation yesterday.
  It was a very sweet surprise.
  Oh, it was my pleasure.
  Man: Here.
 Oh, thanks.
  And, I also had a question.
  Uh yeah, Alexis, I'd love to answer that question,  it's just I'm kind of right in the middle  of interviewing these people, so.
  Okay, yeah, totally.
 I will just um  um I actually used to work here.
  This used to be my desk, so.
  You know, now that you're here,  I guess you could sit in on the interviews with me.
  Oh.
 Okay, sure.
  Now, everybody, just so you know,  I got a job here,  and I have literally zero interest in animals,  so you guys are already like, way ahead.
  Okay.
 So (claps)  Have fun!  (Birds chirping)  (Bell on door chimes)  Hi.
 Hey.
  (Footsteps thud, floorboards creak)  (Laughs)  (Clears throat)  So, someone's been busy.
  Oh yeah, yeah, I've been up since 5.
  Could not sleep, been thinking about  stuff, you know, last night.
  Regrets?  What? No, why would I have regrets?  I don't know, I think it's a, just a habit to ask.
  No, no, no, no.
 No regrets.
  No, I feel good.
 I feel like a  weight's been sorta lifted off my shoulders.
  It's all very new, you know, and it's a lot to process but  Well, here's something fun.
  Um what if I stayed at your place tonight?  Huh.
  It's just that there's some things happening at the motel, and I  Yeah, uh, sorry David, maybe I haven't been clear,  I'm gonna need to take this a lot slower  than a sleepover tonight.
  Oh okay, not like a sleepover sleepover.
  I think it's important that I be honest with you  about how I'm feeling,  because I know you have a lot of experience in this area,  but for me Oh my God, no,  I mean yes, I do, but that's not what I'm implying.
 That's  Moira: Ding-a-ding.
  Patrick: Oh hey, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Um, just takin' this to the back.
  We'll talk about this later.
  Okay, yeah, it's just some crossed wires.
 May I help you?  It's startlingly quiet in here, David.
  Is that a good sign?  I thought you were booked up all day,  and that's why you couldn't help Dad with the dead b-  that thing in the motel.
 I am booked up, David.
  You should see my schedule.
  I'm positively bedeviled with meetings, etc.
  What are you doing here?  You know what I'd love? A tea.
  We don't sell tea.
  Um, you know, I was gonna go make a run to the cafe,  I could get you a tea if you want.
 No, that's not necessary.
  How serendipitous.
 Thank you, Peter.
  It's Patrick.
 Anything else?  Nothing else for me, thank you, just the scone.
  You mean the tea? Why not.
 Thank you.
  (Bell on door chimes, door opens and closes)  Okay, I was in the middle  of like a pretty important conversation,  with my business partner, so  Sorry David, I had nowhere else to turn.
  It's probably nothing, but I think I've killed a man.
  I don't know what to do, David.
  The last time I felt this emotionally encumbered,  I was playing Lady Macbeth on a Crystal Skies cruise ship  during Shakespeare at Sea Week.
  Okay, well I don't know what to do either,  because you still haven't told me what exactly happened.
  (Bell on door chimes, door opens and closes)  One tea for you.
  One caramel macchiato skim, 2 sweeteners,  and a sprinkle of cocoa powder for you.
  Thank you.
  You're very speedy.
  Thanks.
 I wasn't sure about the scone,  so I got one just to be safe.
  There's nothing wrong with treating yourself, dear.
  Okay.
  Okay, I am pretty sure that he's ready to quit on me,  so can you please Very well.
  How to get started.
  Um, I woke up yesterday morning with a spring in my step.
  Start later, please.
  I could never know where the day was  Fast forward it.
  I ran into the elderly gentleman outside his room  and he asked me for a painkiller.
  And? I told him I didn't have one.
  Okay.
 But I did have one.
  In fact I had several sample packets in my purse.
  I had come from the pharmacy,  and they were just out in a bowl.
  But I refused the man, and the next thing I know,  he turns up dead!  Well, why didn't you just give him the pill?  Because David,  because I can barely come to terms with the fact  that I've resorted to hoarding sample packets  of a basic headache medication,  let alone reveal it to the world.
  This is what my life has come to, David,  killing a man over a complimentary bolus.
  Okay, well are you even sure that the pill  would have saved his life?  We'll have to let the courts decide.
  The courts?  Well, know that you've unloaded this on me,  what am I, an accomplice?  David, I came here to be talked off a ledge, not pushed!  Can you imagine this in prison?  Patrick: Can I interject?  I know I wasn't supposed to be listening  to this conversation, but it's a small space,  and your voice carries so beautifully.
  Mhm.
 Mrs.
 Rose, I can say  with 100% certainty, you have nothing to worry about.
  Well that's very kind of you, dear,  but now's not the time for well-intended placation.
  You're legally prohibited from supplying medication  to your guests,  so by not giving him anything you've actually avoided  any potential liability in his death.
  Well, there we have it then.
 Thank God you're here Pa   trick.
  trick.
  You know how David can get carried away, I'm sure.
  Oh, I do.
  Well, I suppose I'll head back to the scene of the crime,  with which I had nothing to do.
  Can I ring that up for you?  I paid way too much for a wedge of brie last week,  so let's call it even.
  I don't think it works like that.
  Alexis was right, he's a button.
  (Footsteps thud)  (Bell on door chimes, door opens and closes)  Thanks.
  (Knocks)  (Door opens, baby crying)  Well, hello there, my colleague and I  are just checking in to see how you're enjoying your stay.
  Uh, it is what it is.
  Oh, well that's excellent.
 Excellent.
  Now, will you be heading out this afternoon,  or hanging around the motel? Uh, I don't know,  I'm just trying to get my kid to take a nap.
  He just gets cranky if he doesn't, so  Ohhhh, my son's the same way.
  Anyway, we just wanted to come by,  invite you and your son to our happy hour,  happening in the motel lobby between 4 and 5 p.
m.
  You're inviting my son to happy hour?  Well, wrong choice of words.
  We prefer to call it a family hour,  if that makes you feel any better.
  There's gonna be other kids there?  Oh, I think, No.
  (Baby wailing)  But there is someone staying with us right now  who works in a quarry.
  So, I bet he has a lot of stories.
  And what kind of kid doesn't like rocks?  Yeah.
 Huh? (Laughs)  Maybe he'll even get to take one home.
  Ooh.
  I'm gonna think about it.
 Yeah, it's mandatory.
  It's mandatory?  Well again, wrong choice of words, it's not mandatory,  but there is a fee for not attending,  so you'll be paying for it either way.
  What?  Yeah, so we'll just be by a little later  to escort you to the lobby.
  In the meantime, you can put your son to bed  and just make sure he's up and ready to go at 3:55.
  Okay? Bye for now.
 Bye, thank you.
  (Baby crying, throws a cup)  (Door closes)  All right, thank you very much, and we will be in touch.
  (Door creaks open and shuts)  I have to admit, Alexis,  some of your questions were shockingly effective.
  I found it very telling how many people  would just accept a cocktail from a total stranger.
  Hmm, thank you.
  Who would've known that Paul was allergic to cats?  What was he doing here? I'm happy to help.
  You know it is gonna be  different around here without you.
  You definitely had a certain something,  and I can't quite put my finger on.
  Thank you.
 Thank you.
  Thank you!  (Both chuckle)  So you were gonna ask me something earlier.
  Oh, sorry yeah, um,  so something gross happened at the motel,  so I was actually hoping I could crash at your place tonight.
  Yeah, normally that'd be totally okay it's just um,  I have a date tonight.
  Oh.
 Fun.
  Okay, um, well maybe I could like drop my stuff  and wait, or Yeah,  it's uh just kinda that um,  we may uh, you know, need the apartment at some point.
  Apartment at some point.
  My God, like for sex.
 (Laughs)  I don't know why I thought you were single.
  That's hmm.
  Yeah, I thought I had mentioned her, it's Heather,  the woman with the cat.
  Yes, the woman who wanted you to wash her cat all the time.
  Yeah.
  I thought that was like a little casual thing.
  It was and then it sort of turned into more of a thing.
  Hmm.
 Did.
 Well, good for Heather.
  Thirsty little thing, isn't she.
  Um okay, okay, cool.
  Well um, I should probably go.
  Alexis, wait.
  (Dog barks)  Who would you hire from today?  Um, I liked the guy with the glasses.
  Me too.
  Um, or the guy with cystic acne.
 Either or.
  Okay.
  Or the girl with the oily braid.
 Also very good.
  Okay, lots to think about there.
  Mhmm.
 Thank you, Alexis.
  (Footsteps clank, door opens and shuts)  (Birds chirping)  (Crickets chirp)  (Soft Jazz music plays)  (Approaching footsteps)  So you told your mom about us, huh.
  No, I told Alexis about us,  and she likely told my mom.
  Okay, listen David No you listen  Sorry that came off way harsher than I wanted it to.
  Uh, I know how this looks,  especially considering that you just told me  you wanted to take things slow,  but me wanting to stay at your place,  it was more about what was happening at  Yeah, I I know that now.
 Okay.
  And I'm sorry for assuming that you just wanted to stay  at my house to to sleep with me or whatever.
  No, um, it was purely circumstantial, you know,  because of the dead body at the  Right.
  (Soft Jazz plays)  You know, when you kissed me,  that, that felt like my first time.
  All the things that you're supposed to feel,  I-I felt them last night.
  Well, if we're being honest with each other,  this is sort of like my first time, too.
  I mean it's not, I've kissed like a thousand people but  nobody that I cared about  or respected  or thought was nice.
  So in a way, it's like we're both starting something new.
  Thank you, David.
  And hey, for the record,  I-I also respect you and think that you're a good person.
  Hmm.
  It's just I said nice person.
  I know.
 Oh.
  I just need you to say nice person.
  You're a good person.
 That's not nice.
  (Gurney clanks)  (Hawaiian music plays)  Johnny: Well, hello everyone, welcome.
  Welcome.
 Hope you're enjoying the cinnamon buns and vodka.
  We thought it was festive in a Scandinavian sort of way.
  Uh, well what a wonderful opportunity  for all the guests to uh, get to know each other.
  Anyone from out of town?  Well, that makes sense.
 (Laughs)  You're all staying at the motel.
 (Door opens)  Um, oh Frank, Frank Frank is here.
  Frank who works at a quarry.
  Did you bring some rocks in for the kids, Frank?  No, I didn't bring any rocks.
  No rocks? Well.
  John, the gentlemen outside need a few more minutes.
  Well, I hope the motel has been servicing  Well hello, all of you.
 Hello, hi.
  Isn't this a glittering sea of hopeful faces.
  My lovely wife, Moira.
  Man: We wanna go outside.
 Outside.
  Well of course you do, who doesn't want to go outside?  But it's also important to cherish what's going on inside.
  It's times like these that reminds one  of the fact that we're all still alive.
  Don't you dare take that for granted.
  One day you're asking for an anti-inflammatory,  the next day you've passed away in your sleep!  I think we're getting a little off-topic, sweetheart.
  The point being, no one knows when we're going to die!  Or be implicated in,  and then suddenly cleared of someone else's death.
  (Coroner's van starts)  So, so, drink up! Go outside!  And live your lives!  And thank you all for spending this hour with us.
  I hope you enjoyed the complimentary refreshments.
  Okay, people, let's leave the cups inside.
  We're not in Vegas, here.
 Thank you.
      

                




                    			(Birds chirp)  Alexis: Okay, so I'm thinking like,  Season five Carrie Bradshaw,  like, super professional and polished,  but also like, chill and flirty  in an impossibly expensive sort of way.
  You do know that this is your first day  at Elmdale College, and not Vogue, right?  Hush, David, because Jocelyn said that only  her top students go to Elmdale.
  Okay, I think that says more about Jocelyn as a teacher  than it does her students.
  Kids, it's garbage day.
  Oh good, ours is full.
  Okay, I've told you both a thousand times,  tie up the bags and leave them outside your door!  Okay, but I like, just put something in it  that made it full, though.
  Yeah, and you're already wearing your little gloves, though.
  Okay, do me a favour, David, and don't mention this to dad,  'cause I haven't chosen my courses yet,  and if he finds out he's just gonna like, buzz around  until I ask him his opinion.
  And no offense to him, but I don't want it.
  This is the same college where Malala gave  that devastating commencement speech, right?  I don't know, David, maybe he did.
  Anyway, I have a lot of big changes  happening in my life right now,  so I'd appreciate it if you were a little bit more onside.
  Okay.
  (Door opens and shuts)  Where'd Alexis go? She went for a run,  apparently there are some really big changes  happening in her life right now.
  Yeah, I should say so.
  Why are you waving a thermometer in my face?  It's a pregnancy test.
 Ewww! What?!   Well, it's a smiley face,  so I'm assuming it's a positive result.
  Well, that's presumptuous.
  Are we a 100% sure it's hers?  Well, this test is a 100% sure it's someone's!  Oh, are you serious? I was ready to stop after one!  Come to think of it,  she has been very up and down lately,  but I've been just chalking that up to the fact  that her personal life is like a steaming pile of  Someone needs to talk to her! Well, don't look at me,  I'm pretty sure she already knows it's a mistake!  No, I'll talk to her.
  Yes, I'll tell her she has no right to lay  this financial and psychological burden on us!  Well, maybe I'll talk to her  Now she has to move into one of those homes  for unwed mothers! Oh my God, imagine?  Moira, that's not gonna happen.
  Oh, I'm sure there are plenty of them on this side of the tracks.
  Let the nuns take care of the little stranger!  What Alexis needs now is to feel supported by her family!  Hah! Okay.
  Um, I'm just gonna say it, I am not in a place right now  to be emotionally available to a baby.
  You know I'm a little disappointed in you, David,  you spend a lot of time with Alexis,  you could've done a better job looking out for her!  Okay, I'm sorry I'm not a condom.
  Aaaah! I always knew this would happen!  Oh, God help us all.
  Okay, I just think I'm in a state of shock right now,  you know, the news was very numbing,  and I'm feeling very alone.
 Mhmm.
 Mm!  Imagine how Alexis must feel.
  Yeah, I haven't spoken to her.
  Huh.
 Remind what this is again?  That is a eucalyptus under eye serum.
  Mhmm  and remind me why you can't apply it to yourself?  Because it requires a steady hand,  and I'm going through a lot right now.
  Right (Bell on door jingles)  Hi, I was looking for some uh  Yeah, we don't sell that.
  Bath salts? We actually do sell those.
  They're on the middle shelf, just over there.
  I'll be over to help you in a second.
  Okay, between Alexis getting knocked up,  and us not having enough privacy to connect,  I'm feeling very shaken.
  Do you think you're gonna make it, though?  Unclear.
 Unclear on whether I'm gonna make it through or not.
  Hang in there.
  Moira: Jocelyn, oh, I seem to have left my sunglasses behind,  you haven't discovered them amidst your cleaning, have you?  You mean, the ones on top of your head?  And there they are.
 (Laughs)  And I'm off, then.
  Moira, is everything all right?  You seem a little distracted today.
  No, I'm-I'm just a little distracted today.
  I'm having one of those days myself.
  We're in the midst of a family crisis,  if you must know!  Well, I don't wanna pry, so Well, you've cracked me open.
  Alexis is pregnant.
 What?  I know! We discovered the test in her bathroom today.
  You did? And to think when I awoke,  my biggest concern was how to make  that ragtime medley of yours work.
  Uh huh  It's just flagrant irresponsibility!  To allow an unscheduled conception to occur!  Moira? Oh, she has no idea  of the toll a baby can take on its mother,  or its mother's mother.
  Moira, I'm the one who's pregnant.
  If only.
 It's true.
  I was dropping off Alexis' course book,  and I had gotten the test from the pharmacy,  and I was so anxious to find out,  that I took the test in Alexis' bathroom.
  Oh Jocelyn, oh Jocelyn!  Oh, what a wonderful surprise for us all!  Oh! I know.
  I thought it was menopause that was making me late,  and giving me the cravings, and morning sickness.
  I wouldn't know.
  Listen, can you do me a favour,  and just keep this between the two of us,  because Roland doesn't know yet.
  Oh! Oh Jocelyn, Roland's not the father?  Of course he is, I just haven't found  the right time to tell him.
  Don't wait, best to rip it off like a band aid.
  You're probably right.
  It's just that we weren't expecting this.
  One must prepare for any event.
  Miracles don't take reservations.
  Ahhh! Oh  (Sighs)  (Door opens)  Oh, hi, honey.
  My God, how long have you been sitting there?  Oh, I didn't realize it took you so long  to put your makeup on.
  Can I help you with something?  Just wondering how you're feeling.
  Fine, a little nervous.
  Well, that's understandable, comes with the territory.
  Uh it might help if we chat about it.
  Um no, I don't want to chat about it.
 I'm late.
  Well, I know you're late, sweetheart.
  I knew this was gonna happen!  I knew you were gonna get way too involved in this.
  David has already given me a hard time.
  I know, and believe me,  I will be talking to David about that.
  Now Ted,  is he being supportive?  I haven't even told Ted.
 Oh.
  I just wanna do one thing on my own!  And you're sure this is the right one thing to pick?  Okay, please don't stress me out about this!  This is supposed to be fun!  And it will be fun, honey, it will be, in time.
  You know, it will also be a lot of work.
  I know that!  And not to mention, a lot of money.
  Why do you think I've been saving up my money  from the vet's office?  How long have you known about this?  Oh my God, you are being so extra right now!  I have to go! Okay,  clearly this is not a good time,  but I just want you to know your mother and I are here,  whenever you feel comfortable enough to talk,  although I'd suggest talking to me, and  not your mother.
  You are making way too big a deal of this.
  If I don't like it, I'll just give it up, and move on!  Okay?  (Door slams)  (Jazz music plays)  (Bell on door jingles)  (Bag rustles)  Ding, ding!  Ahem.
 Hi.
  We're actually closed today.
  It's one o'clock on a Friday.
  Okay, is there something I can help you with?  Do you give all your customers this kind of VIP treatment?  Actually, I do, and I would love to keep chatting,  it's just that Patrick and I were working on fixing a uh  a light bulb in the back, so we oh, hey.
  Hey, Stevie.
 Hi.
  David and I were just in the back doing some inventory.
  Yeah.
 Hmm, yeah.
  Seems like you guys are really busy  at work.
 Uh  Ooh, what's that? What's what?  You got a little red um is that a bug bite?  Or a little mouth shaped sunburn?  Looks like a hickey, actually.
  But it's not, it's not a It's not a hickey, right?  Because that would be disgusting,  and wildly unprofessional.
  David, did you give me a hickey?!  Okay no, I didn't, I gave you a-a half hickey,  because we haven't had the time or the privacy  for me to give you a full hickey!  If you give me $50 bucks I'll stand outside,  and tell people you're on lunch.
  I'll give you 50 cents to stand outside  and never come back! You see,  this is why we can't do this here.
  Desperate times, huh? No, trying times,  Nothing about this is desperate.
  It's just that there's a lot of people at the motel,  and Patrick is renting a room from Ray.
  Who really likes to chat.
 Yeah.
  So there has literally been zero privacy.
  Well, if you want, I'm happy to offer you guys  my apartment for the night.
  Why? Why would you do that?  Because I care about you two.
  Okay, and where will you be?  Well, if you must know, work's been really stressful,  so I'm going to take a little me time at a spa in Elmdale.
  That is super generous,  but wouldn't be a little bit weird  us having alone time at your place?  Especially because you guys have  Oh God no! No, we've never No, never, ew!  We've never done that there.
 Never.
 I still live there.
  I mean, we could consider it.
  What exactly is the catch?  No catch.
  David! What?  We'll take the place.
 Okay, we'll take the place.
  Great, and I'll take this.
  So there's a bit of a catch.
  (Door opens, slams)  You know, Moira, it's not as bad as I thought.
 Mmm  If David sells the store, and uh  and you get some part time work,  and we get a good price for the car,  I think we can make it through the first two years easy,  and then we just have to figure out preschool.
  John, as much as I appreciate your budgetary prowess,  it turns out there is no immediate need for concern.
  Well, now we're all taking this a little too lightly.
  Alexis isn't the one who's pregnant.
  Someone else is, but don't press me for details,  because I've been sworn to secrecy.
  You've been sworn It's Jocelyn!  But you're not supposed to know.
  She hasn't told Roland yet.
  Jocelyn! Huh?  She was appropriately gobsmacked herself.
  And I must say, I am entirely relieved.
  Yeah, that's it's not Alexis!  But save that spreadsheet, John,  and you might want to add a line item for prophylactics.
  Tomorrow's another day.
 Yeah, well, don't worry,  I've already had a serious talk with Alexis,  though now I'm wondering what exactly  we were talking about.
  (Students chatter)  Um, hey, excuse me,  Um, I'm looking for the registrar's office.
  It's in there.
  Okay, I'm just like, a little bit confused,  because on the brochure it looks like  it's in a moss covered building by the lake.
  So I'm guessing the quad is just like,  on the other side of the building?  The office is in there, make a right.
  A 100%.
  (Car rumbles)  (Students chatter)  Ooh  (Music plays on radio)  Okay, hi.
 Hi! Hmm, what's up?  I am what this brochure calls a prospective student.
  Cool, so you're not enrolled yet?  No, I am enrolled, um, prospectively.
  I was wondering if there's like, a campus tour,  or something? Wow  well, it wouldn't be much of a tour, but  yeah, I guess I could walk you back up the hall,  if you want.
  Okay, it's just that this brochure is like,  a little bit confusing.
  Yeah, we couldn't afford in house photography,  so we just used stock images.
 See? Watermark there.
  (Laughs) This is actually a still  from "Dead Poets Society.
"  I feel like that's false advertising,  especially considering what I am paying for these courses.
  Yeah, but you get free coffee and doughnuts.
  Oh, and like, um, an agenda.
  (Groans) Yeah, it's off by a day.
  So I wouldn't use it.
  Okay great, I would like a refund, please.
  Uh, the problem is, is we don't give refunds.
  Okay, then I guess I would just like my money back, then.
  Again, we don't give refunds.
 Okay, okay.
  This is the first time that I've ever invested  in anything myself, and I thought that was like,  the responsible choice, but clearly,  this is like, a joke school.
  Well, that's why most students do their courses online.
  Oh.
 So like, potentially,  I could refund my refund request,  do all my courses online, and like,  never have to ever come back here again?  That's actually how I keep my side hustle going,  part time DJ.
  Here's my card, in case you have any problems,  or you wanna go on a date, or something.
  Okay.
 Well, I won't be doing any of that,  but thank you so much.
  Ooh!  (Door opens)  Please, come in, come in.
  Ooh.
 Welcome.
  Make yourselves at home.
  Just so you know, there's nothing in the fridge.
  Oh, and I marked the booze, so I'll know if you touch it.
  I noticed the line is a couple inches above where the whiskey starts.
  I am stunned by your generosity.
  Um, where exactly are you going tonight?  Out to a spa.
  Which she already told us, so maybe just say thank you.
  Oh no, I did, I did say thank you multiple times.
  Um, what is the name of the spa?  David! Let's just let her go, okay?  Okay, yeah.
 (Knock on the door)  Are we expecting company, or? N-no, I wasn't!  Hey, pony! Are you ready to go?  What are you doing? I said I would meet you outside!  I said I'd help you with your bags.
  David.
 Wow, it's been a while.
  Pony.
 Hey  Mm-mmm! Ahem! Wow, you look good.
  Who's this guy?  This is my that's Patrick.
  That's Patrick.
 And you are?  Picking up Stevie.
 Yeah, we're gonna go, so  So I'm not getting a name, then.
  Um, so you and "pony,"  what do you have planned for tonight?  Well, it's date night, so we thought maybe  we'd spend it in the woods.
  Yeah, just galloping around the woods, huh?  Yeah, with your "pony.
"  Not at a spa.
 So  I take it you two are still Seeing each other, yes.
  As it turns out we are.
  After we all broke up,  Stevie came over to end things officially,  and it just didn't stick, so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, it didn't stick, did it.
  Now, when you say "we all broke up "  So you offering your apartment  had nothing to do with any guilt you felt  about harboring a little secret?  Nope.
 Just trying to be a good person, so.
  We're gonna go, leave you two lovebirds.
  Unless you two wanna come?  Nope! I don't think so.
  Come on.
 You do you.
  Good to meet you, man.
  (Door shuts)  So we're gonna talk about this, right?  Yep, I'm just gonna grab that bottle of  Whiskey? Yeah.
 Yeah, the whiskey.
  (Cars rumbles)  So Roland, you're probably wondering why  I'm taking you out for tacos tonight.
  Well honey, you don't need a special reason for taco night.
  No, but there is a special reason tonight.
  There's something that I wanted to talk to you about,  something exciting.
  Oh, hold that thought, honey.
  Hey, Johnny, Moira, Jocelyn's just about to tell me  something exciting, come and join us.
  Oh, no, no, no, far be it for us to intrude.
  No, I think it's best that Jocelyn share  this life altering news, whatever it may be,  on her own.
 Yeah.
  And we'll probably take another table,  because I skipped lunch and you know me when I'm hungry.
  Look out! (Laughs)  Uh, we'll sit over here.
  Johnny, I am not gonna ask again.
  No, no, no.
  No, in fact I am gonna ask again.
  And again.
 And again.
 Roland  Get over here, and sit yourself down!  It's okay Moira, take a seat.
  Okay, okay well, John and I will just study the menu,  as they keep making amendments.
 Yeah  (Sighs)  Hmm So Roland,  you might have noticed that I've been on a real  Dorito casserole kick lately,  and there's a reason for that.
  Besides wanting to keep me as your husband?  (Laughs uproariously) Am I right, Johnny?  Oh, I need to be a part of this.
  The last time I made that casserole  was when I was pregnant with Mutt.
  And I've really been craving that casserole again.
  Yeah.
  Well, that's understandable, honey,  I mean, it's a terrific casserole.
  I'd kill for a casserole right now.
  Rollie, how are you not getting this?  Have we decided? I'm pregnant!  (Gasps) We're having a baby.
  Oh my goodness! Yeah, Twyla,  I'm gonna have the bottomless French Onion soup,  and maybe you might wanna drop a little calamari on the table.
  John! (Gasps) Yes! Oh, oh, pregnant?  Wow! Wonderful news.
  Hey, congratulations, fella.
  Yes, we are stunned!  Honey are you okay?  Okay? (Chuckles)  (Laughs wildly)  Of course I'm okay!  Oh my God!  We're having a baby!  (Applause)  Champagne for everybody, on me!  I can't drink, Rollie.
 Oh right, you're driving.
  Uh you know what Twyla, actually,  let's just do one beer, one beer for me.
 Okay?  Congratulations, you two.
  Well, I can honestly say from the bottom of my heart,  that I couldn't be happier  that this is happening to you and your family!  (Crickets chirp)  So this is for you.
 Um  cheers to privacy.
  Sorry, I've just gotta go through that one more time.
  So you dated Jake and then Stevie dated Jake.
  Mhmm mhmm.
  And at one point, you all  No, see, that's where you're wrong.
  We almost all, but I said no.
 Ah.
  Because Stevie and I agreed that that would be a bad idea,  but it appears that I'm the only one that held up  my end of that agreement.
  And you're upset about this because you still  No! I'm not upset!  I-I don't want any of that! No  It's a principle thing.
  And we are getting sidetracked right now.
  Okay? So  who is feeling sexy?  Getting there for sure, I just-you know, I  I knew you had a rich dating history, David,  I just didn't expect to be graced by the presence  of two of your exes tonight.
  Yeah, funny thing, neither did I.
 So  But Mhmm?  Given that we only have the apartment for one night.
  Mmm.
 Maybe it's best if we  lock that box back up for now?  I think that's a good idea.
 Mhmm.
 Mhmm.
  You know what, we didn't even get into your history  Lock it up, David.
 Lock it up.
 Oh, okay.
  Hey, so I've been thinking about what you said,  and it is a big expense,  but I think I can find a way to make it work.
  What's happening?  Dad's trying to get me to drop out of college.
  No, that's not what was happening!  I-I thought we were talking about something else.
  What else?  Oh, he thought you were pregnant.
  What? Ew! Well, we all did.
  Oh my God, that's so mean!  Oh, look who's here.
 Where were you all night?  Um out-side.
  I was outside.
  A little past curfew.
  Oh burn, David.
  I'm sorry, I was processing Alexis' situation.
  David, Alexis isn't No, it's okay.
  I mean, have your fun now David,  because when the twins arrive,  I'm gonna really need your help.
  Um, that's a hard pass.
  You're gonna be so involved in their lives.
  Mm, your body, your problem.
  David, Alexis isn't pregnant.
  Okay, but just picture them as like, tiny little roommates,  whose tiny little poops you get to clean up!      

                




                    			1   Jocelyn: Moira, I'm sorry I couldn't be more available  for you today, it's just that my sister was supposed  to organize this with me,  and her husband has come down with gout for the third time.
  But I still think this is gonna be the best  Asbestos Fest yet! You know,  I know all about being left in the lurch for a fundraiser.
  Eva Longoria and I were supposed to perform  our ventriloquist act for the "Everybody Nose" benefit  for juvenile rhinoplasty,  when she suddenly drops out due to exhaustion.
  I had to be both puppet, and puppeteer.
  Okay, you know what, Moira?  There's just a lot going on right now.
  I've got a list of three different numbers  that you're choosing from,  and what would really be helpful to everyone,  and when I say everyone, I mean me,  is if you could just nail down which one  you're gonna perform tonight.
  I did get the set list from the children's choir two weeks ago.
  I the easiest to go with is probably  "Shoes, Glorious Shoes, the Imelda Marcos Story.
"  Okay.
 Never mind.
  I am going to dust off "Two Heads are Better".
  The one woman Siamese twin play.
  Yes-no!  No, you know what?  I am going to resurrect  "One Crazy Summer, The Patty Hearst Story.
"  It's a tale of perseverance, much like your quest  to bring asbestos back to the town.
  Okay, well first of all, we're trying to get rid  of the asbestos, Moira,  and we really just need you to make a decision, now.
  Okay! Now!  Well, let me think! Uh "Two Heads" it is.
  The Foxwood Casino Gazette did say  it was a performance they'd never seen before.
  Don't write that down.
 Okay Moira,  I just wanna slap you right across the face.
  Patty it is! Patty.
  Although Jocelyn, I'm wondering,  does "TV's Moira Rose" send a different message  than "television's Moira Rose?"  Something to think about?  I said, something to think about!  (Low hum of chatter)  Hello, you.
   Oh hi, David.
 Hi.
  I believe you said I could have your room for the day,  to rehearse my act for the fundraiser.
  Oh, you meant like, like right now?  Okay.
 Um what did you decide on?  Well, at this very moment it's 1974,  and this room is a San Franciscan bank.
  You're going with the Patty Hearst story?  Yes, I am.
  And what's wrong with that?  Well, didn't it have an ensemble cast of 30?  Uh huh, and what was your father's review?  29 dead weights! (Laughs)  So I trimmed the fat.
  You didn't even play Patty, though.
  You know I did!  The night Patricia Lupone ate that pre-show shwarma,  and I was asked to step in.
  I've always wanted to reprise the role!  I just recall that that show was very heavy on the footwork  and at one point you yelled, "Line!"  in the middle of a dance break.
  Okay, some of these townspeople  are going to experience my triad of threats  for the first time, David.
  Nothing less than spectacular can do for them!  Okay.
 I just remember you practicing every day  for seven months with that dance instructor  that I ended up dating.
  Are you sure you remember it all?  Skip Fosse once told me that when it comes to choreo,  always leave some room for spontaneity.
  Okay.
 Okay, you know what?  If you feel it's necessary, fine,  I won't stand in the way of you spotting.
  Well unfortunately, I can't spot you now,  because now I have to go to work.
  Oh, then go to work! Okay.
 Good luck.
  No, you say, "break a leg.
"  Okay, that, too.
 Say "break a leg!"  Break a leg! (Door slams)  Okay, here.
 Ahem! We're going to ease in  with a machine gun ballet.
  (Low hum of chatter)  Hi, sorry.
 Boys: Hey! This guy!  Excuse me, hey.
 Hey, yeah.
 What's up.
 Yeah  And we mark up the retail price.
  Okay.
 What are you doing here?  Patrick has offered to help me with this school assignment  I told you that, David.
 Hey.
  Um, you did not tell me that.
  Yeah, how are your friends doing outside?  They're harmless, thanks.
 Are they? Cool.
  Um, we're actually just in the middle of something,  so if you wouldn't mind I would mind, but  Okay, so, profit margins.
 Mhmm?  Um, how do you get more of those?  Well, you'd start by telling the group of teens  that hang out outside your store every afternoon  to leave because they're scaring off actual customers.
  Okay, they're not scaring off customers,  there was one that looked meth-y.
  And I don't know where he went.
  See, your brother doesn't wanna tell them off.
  Which is, and you can write this down,  a financial liability.
 Liability.
  Incorrect! The fact that we have youths  minding their own business in front of our store  builds, and you can write this down  No.
 Street cred.
  Okay, are they actually buying anything?  Yes! They're coming in, and they're buying gum.
  And what else are they doing, David?  They're coming in, they're looking around,  and they're buying gum.
 (Gasps)  And maybe complimenting my outfits.
  There it is! No, there what is?  I'm sorry that you connect with a more mature clientele,  whereas I vibe with a much younger crowd.
  Oh.
 (Scoffs) (Door bell jingles)  Nice sweater, bro! Um God, I  This is so old, and I can't even remember where I got it.
  Do you guys remember-sorry, where I got this sweater?  What just happened to you? Huh?  Like, breathe it out.
  (Door shuts)  Roland: Hey there, Johnny!  Just so you know, I'm obviously a beer guy,  but I've never been known to turn down  a fresh bouquet of flowers  Roland, what are you talking about?  Well, you are gonna be thanking me pretty soon  for saving your bacon, so I just thought  I'd give you some gift ideas.
 I'm kinda busy right now.
  Yeah, I can see that.
 Very busy, right, Johnny?  Apparently too busy to change the bulb  that's burned out over room three.
  Roland, I fail to see how pointing out problems here  is saving my bacon.
  I know a guy who needs some work,  and I told him I'd do him a favour,  and get him a job right here in the motel, so  Uh huh.
 And why does it sound like I'd be the one  doing your friend the favour?  Well Johnny, I'm the middle man,  I'm the one that kind of made this all happen.
  Well, nothing's happened, so you can tell your friend  we can't afford him.
 (Sighs)  You know, when I started Rose Video we had one employee  per store working start to close,  so keeping an eye on the bottom line,  that's how a young business grows.
  Uh huh Besides,  Stevie and I are managing just fine on our own.
  All I'm saying is keep an open mind, okay?  It might be nice to have a guy around here  who has some basic skills for a change.
  And I'm sorry, but we all know how Rose Video turned out!  You know, Rose Video was the second largest video chain in-  (Door slams) Oohhh!  Did you ask him why he's been wandering around with a notepad,  it's really starting to creep out the guests.
  Yeah, he's pitching a guy he knows to help out  around the motel, but don't worry,  I told him that we're a well oiled machine at this point.
  Yeah, that I've been greasing.
  Your new policy about helping the guests with the bags  Yeah, and you know, we're getting very good feedback  about that on the comment cards.
  But I've been the one carrying them,  because "somebody" has a bad back.
  Well Stevie, if I lift a roll of toilet paper, you know,  it flares up.
  Okay well, I'm starting to look like  a Slovakian shot putter, so I'm with Roland.
  We're gonna be hiring someone else.
  (Car rumbles)  Thanks, bro.
  Come back again soon, guys.
  Great sale, bro.
  Four teens, one pack of gum, which you gift wrapped.
  Hey, why don't we just close the store up,  and celebrate for the rest of the day?  I'll have you know that it was one pack of gum,  and one lip balm.
 Oh!  (Gasps) Well, that'll make up for all the stuff  they've been stealing.
  I'm sorry? What do you mean, stealing?  Those kids are one hundred percent stealing from you.
  I don't think so.
 (Scoffs)  Okay.
 They split up into four different directions,  one takes the back left corner, one takes the right,  one of them asks you if you have those wool hoodies  in a different size,  while the last one compliments you on your cuticle game.
  And while you're lapping all that up,  the two in the back corner are filling their backpacks  full of facial cleanser.
  It's the exact same move that I used with my klepto friends  in the Hamptons.
  I-I feel like I would've sent that.
  Yeah, I mean, maybe that's what you and your burnout  friends did at the Miss Sixty store,  but that's not what's happening here.
  Okay.
 Why don't you go check, then?  I can't tell if there's product missing,  or if we just haven't replenished.
  I feel like if someone were robbing our store  we would know about it, right? Uh yeah, we would know.
  Though this would explain the compliments.
  That's What?  Give it an hour, they'll be back.
  They only took the toner and the cleanser,  and if they're not selling it on the black market,  then they'll need to come back and get the moisturizer,  or their t-zones are going to be like,  super effed!  Roland: Johnny, I gotta say, uh,  I'm glad you came around to your senses,  and may I tell you something,  I don't feel like you're less of a man  because you need a little help with your business.
  Yeah, that's good to know, Roland.
  So where's the guy?  Oh he'll be here, don't you worry.
  Mr.
 Worry! (Laughs)  And I think you're really going to like him,  he's very smart, he's devilishly handsome,  and he stands about yay tall,  maybe a little bit more like that.
  Okay, I see where this is going.
  Or do you? Roland, what are we doing here?  Johnny, it's me! I'm the guy!  I know you're the guy,  I got that as soon as I said where's the guy?  Oh my god, you should see the look on your face!  Impatience, that's the look!  All right, we do need help at the motel, we do need someone,  but someone who is going to pitch in,  and do some of the grunt work.
  And I am willing to roll up my sleeves,  and help out my best friend!  Okay, I gotta go.
  Whoa, whoa, whoa! No, no, no, no!  Now I wasn't joking about my skills, pal!  Come on, what do you say we give it a shot?  I don't think so, no.
 Huh? Going once.
  Going twice.
 No.
  Going 3 times.
 Roland! All right.
  Going 4 times.
 Going 5 times  All right, all right, all right.
 All right.
 Fine.
  But only because we could actually use some help.
  That's a smart move, Johnny.
 But consider this a trial.
  Yeah, that's probably a good idea,  I don't wanna commit until I know I like it.
  Stick 'em up.
 It's a hold up.
  Nobody move but me-me-me-me!   But me!   (Knocking)  Who goes there?   It's Jocelyn.
 Oh!  Good news, Moira, don't ask me why,  but Gwen had a hunting rifle in her basement,  and I'm hoping this is good for your act!  Um, it was a machine gun.
  So I need a machine gun for the machine gun ballet!  Okay Moira, you've got to meet me halfway here,  this is a real gun! What?  And I got you extra performance time,  I got the children's choir down to one song!  Some of the kids cried.
 Oh, Jocelyn.
  Jocelyn, why? Why, why, why, would you do that?  Because you asked for more time, Moira!  But Jocelyn!  Did you know that rehearsal,  it can be the most enlightening  and even heuristic exercise.
  What are you saying?  I'm saying I am stepping out of the limelight, Jocelyn.
  But we already re-printed the posters  from "TV's Moira Rose," to "Television's Moira Rose!"  And that's great, that will get them in the door  and then the kids take over from there!  That's Okay.
  I see what's going on here.
  Somebody's got cold feet.
 Ha ha.
  Blocks of ice.
 Mhmm.
  I bit off more than I could chew.
  You know what, Moira, we have all been there.
  Yeah.
 On my wedding day, I thought,  what if I just got in my car and drove to New Mexico,  and left Roland at the altar at the Elmdale Bingo Hall?  Bottom line, I got cold feet too,  and I faced my fears, and now look at us!  27 years of bliss.
  Was I to perceive something encouraging within that  little anecdote?  Okay, you know what, Moira, pull it together.
  I'm taking this gun.
  Okay, Patty, come on, Patty! (Door slams)  Patty, the eyes of the lonely world are on you!  So, five, six, seven, eight, Patty!  (Thumps)  Five, six, seven, eight!  Nine, ten-nine  Nine, ten, eleven, twelve!    (Slow Jazz tune plays)  (Sighs) Like clockwork, David.
  Hey! Yeah.
  Hey! Can I help you guys with anything, or ?  No, we're just looking.
  Okay, cool.
 Cool, cool, yeah, yeah.
  Look around.
 You do you.
  Uh, hey, do you have this in like,  a larger size, maybe?  I don't know, I'll have to go all the way  into the back to check.
  Hey, man! (Gasps)  I like your shoes, where'd you get them?  Oh! Oh Oh! Um, these?  I got these at a boutique in Prague  that's only open on Sunday nights.
  Cool.
 Is it?  Uh hey, I think we're gonna head.
  Oh, um wait, but-you forgot something, though.
  What?!  Look, please don't do anything crazy,  it took me so long to make that.
  Well, I'll be happy to give it back,  when you and your skid mark friends give back  all of the products that you've stolen.
  And if I'm being honest,  someone with your combination of skin  should really be using product with tea tree oil in it.
  I  Hand it over.
  I thought she was too cool to work here.
  I don't work here, and I am really cool, so.
  Don't do it again, and I won't call the Po Po.
  Did she say Po Po? Okay! Okay!  I think we're done here.
  Okay, I just have one more question.
  All those compliments, and fist pumps  Bumps.
 Shut up.
  Was that just part of the big scheme?  No, you have cool style.
 I like your shoes.
  They're lying to you, David, they're lying, they're lying.
  Okay, get out.
  (Teenagers mutter) Right, so  (Sighs)  Ugh What? Why me?  I just feel really gross.
 Why did I get one?  Okay, so there's window repair in room four.
  Mhmm  And then the bathroom in room 5 still needs to be done.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Can you handle that? No, I am just waiting to hear  something that's in my wheelhouse.
  Okay uh, why don't you just start by changing the sheets?  Honey, that kinda sounds like a Johnny job to me.
  Why don't we just put a "J" next to that.
  No, no, no! We're putting an "R" next to that,  Roland, I thought you said you had no problem doing grunt work.
  Well Johnny, how's it going to look to have the mayor  of the town changing sheets?  Uh, we change sheets!  Well great, so then, you've got it covered,  let's put a big, fat "J" next to that one.
  No, no, we're not putting a "J," we're putting an "R!"  Or better yet, Roland, why not just get to work?  This isn't exactly what I had in mind  when I said I needed help.
 Yeah, I know.
  No, guys, look, I just need to find something  that caters to my expertise.
  That's all, you know what I can do?  I can restock the soda machine.
  Yeah, the soda machines are fine, Roland.
  What would actually help is if you could clean a toilet or two,  but obviously, you're too good for that.
  No, I can clean a toilet.
 You know what,  I think we made a mistake, Stevie.
 Mhmm.
  No! I wanna clean a toilet.
 We'll hire somebody else.
  No, I need to clean a toilet!  You need to clean a toilet?  (Sighs) Yeah, I need to Johnny,  I I mean, with the new baby coming,  things are a little tight.
  Joc and I have been trying to save,  but we've been living off cold cuts and waffles.
  And Jocelyn had to sell her Beanie Baby collection.
  And she didn't get half what that Diana bear was worth.
  And now she's working nights down at the gas station.
  She's working nights? No, she's not,  but she will have to if things get really bad.
  (Whimpers)  (Sighs heavily) All right.
  Here's what we're gonna do.
 Hmm?  We're putting an "R" beside  every single thing on this list.
  (Smacks lips) Got it.
 Okay.
 Now when you say "R,"  does that stand for Rose, as in Johnny Rose  Roland! It stands for Roland! Okay.
  And you can start by taking those sheets over to room two.
  You got it.
  (Birds chirp)  (Keys jingle)  Ew! What are you doing in my bed?  Oh, David please, I couldn't possibly make it  all the way to my own bed.
  I'm-I'm just uh  I'm exhausted! (Sighs)  Was it the footwork? Oh, it was the footwork.
  It was the score, it was the book,  it was all of that, David.
  But most severely lacking was me.
  You were right, my dear.
  I've had my time, and it's over now.
  Um, I don't think I said that.
  There is an elephant in the room David,  and he's whispering, "retire!"  Run David, go to Jocelyn,  and tell her to cancel the evening.
  Okay um well, I won't be doing that,  but (sighs)  there is one other option.
  What?  What if we did  the number?  The number? Yeah, I know,  it was stupid, it was dumb.
 It was a dumb idea.
  David, you would do that for me?  I thought you used to hate it when I'd trot you out  in front of my friends?  I still do, it's just that I'm finding this situation  to be incredibly disturbing,  and I will eventually need my bed back.
  Do you think people would find it strange,  or even inappropriate? Probably.
  And do you think we still have it?  I'll go plug in my hair straightener.
  I hope you're not wearing your shoes.
  (Audience applauds)  Okay, let's have another round of applause  for the children's choir,  and their Kylie Minogue medley!  (Audience applauds)  Those were some racy lyrics!  Okay.
 Ladies and gentlemen,  I know that your headliner tonight is gonna surprise you,  because she certainly surprised me  when she told me just moments ago  that she'd switched up her entire act,  even though somebody put down a really hefty deposit  on a wall of mirrors!  (Chuckle turns into a sob)  Okay anyways, without further ado, the main event!  (Audience applauds)  Oh, thank you so much.
  Um, is this the number?  It's the middle of summer.
  Brr! It's awfully cold out there.
  Um, they used to do this act  every year at our Christmas party,  and you can't unsee something like this.
  (Laughs)  Ahem! (Knocking)  Oh, I wonder who that could be!  It's television's Moira Rose!  (Audience applauds)  That's television's mom, to you.
  (Fake laugh)  You know, nothing is colder than the chill I get  when I think of the dangers of asbestos poisoning.
  Mhmm.
  Luckily, a little birdie told me  that with enough funds raised,  this town could be asbestos free by  (Feedback squeal) Christmas!  ("Jingle Bells" plays on the piano)   Ding!   Dong!    Ding!   Dong!    Ding!   Dong!    Ding!   Dong!   Both:  On the first day of Christmas,   My true love gave to me,   The keys to a Lamborghini    On the Oh come all ye faithful   Deck the halls with boughs of holly   Yes, I said faithful, which rules out all of you!  (Forced laugh, Johnny and Patrick laugh)  (Jazz music plays)  Both:  God rest ye, merry gentlemen   Let nothing you dismay may-may-may       

                




                    			1 Moira: David? My nails aren't dry yet.
  Alexis, I stumbled upon Ted in the caf this morning,  he sends his regards.
  (Spray spritzes)  That's nice.
 Um, what did he say?  Nothing, we merely exchanged familial smiles.
  He seemed quite taken with an older woman,  so I thought best not to intrude.
  Love that for him.
  I mean, that could've been anyone though, right,  like a mother, or a close friend?  They were canoodling in the banquette for all to see,  so I'd be rather concerned if that were his mother, David.
  Okay.
 Um, in other news,  I recently discovered that I'm allergic to pitted fruits.
  Canoodling? Oh.
  Um did she have like a braid in her hair?  No, no braid.
 Uh, looked more like thick,  healthy hair woven together loosely.
  I can't believe he's still dating Heather.
  I know, it's crazy.
  I believe that was her name, Heather.
  Okay, do we have somewhere to be?  Alexis, he doesn't still hold any interest for you?  No, it's not as if you've been spending all your time  holed up in your room, alone.
  Yeah, no, I'm just like taking time for me.
  Mhmm.
 Good!  That's the most important relationship of all.
  Don't you give another thought to Ted  and his striking older lover.
 Okay, I am going for a jog.
  Ok, um, but you're in like a day dress.
  Mhmm, I am.
 (Door shuts)  Okay, I have never heard someone say  so many wrong things, one after the other,  consecutively, in a row.
  David! How was I to know that Ted would be such a trigger,  all these years later?  A year later, and she is like right back in it.
  So you might wanna pay a little more attention  to your daughter's life, if only to alleviate  the weight of me having to deal with it, every day.
  Oh.
  I I did call that other woman charming, didn't I?  Striking, I believe was the word  you used to describe Ted's new girlfriend, who isn't Alexis.
  Well to my credit, she was.
   (Crickets chirp)  (Footsteps thud)  (Door opens and shuts)  Roland, you're here early.
  I've decided it's time I become a team player.
  Well, that's good! And as coach of the team,  I'm gonna ask you to take your feet off my desk.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know, Johnny,  I love all this water cooler talk,  but let's get down to business.
  I was lookin' around this place, and boom, it hit me!  There's a lotta wasted space in here.
  I mean this should be an area for guests to come  and mix and mingle.
  Well, I don't think I like the thought of guests  mingling in my office.
  That's what their rooms are for.
  Ah, but, do the rooms have a  (Grunts)  (Grunting with effort)  (Thud)  (Pants)   beer fridge?  Where did this come from? I brought it over this morning.
  Joce wanted a little extra space for the new baby,  and I thought why not help out a buddy in the process?  And how's this helping me?  Well, you can sell beers to the guests, Johnny,  unless of course you're trying not to make money,  which would explain a couple of things here.
  Well of course I'm tryin' to make money.
  Johnny, if it makes any difference to you,  I've already sold 2 beers to a fellow staff member.
  Would that staff member be you?  Yes, it would.
 I'm gonna have 'em after lunch.
  Now the big question is where to put the TV?  What TV? Well, Johnny,  you can't expect guests to sit around with their beers  staring at you.
 (Laughs)  Oh God you knock me out, kid.
  Okay, you know what, your job here is not CEO, Roland,  you were hired to do some work around the motel.
  So I'm gonna say no to the TV.
  Okay, Johnny, I hear ya loud and clear.
 Geez.
  (Can opens, slurps)  Off to work.
  (Door opens and shuts)  Patrick: I cursed those bears with the little strength  that I could muster up.
 (Stevie laughs)  Hi!  We're all just hanging out before work?  Was there a text chain that I wasn't on, or ?  Well, it's not exactly before work  the store opened about 25 minutes ago, so.
  But yes, there is a chain, and no, you're not on it.
  You're kind.
 I noticed we moved the lip balms.
  Yeah, because we got these new breath mints in  and I wanted to give 'em a fighting chance  by putting 'em up near the cash.
  Huh.
 Uh oh.
  What, is something wrong?  No, they're just new mints that haven't been sampled yet,  so for all we know, they could be poison,  and we're moving the lip balms, best sellers,  all the way to the corner, here.
  Okay, well I don't think that the mints are poison.
  They're very delicious.
  Point is, these are a staple of the store.
  They're at the cash, people come to the cash  expecting the lip balm.
 Mhmm.
  I just wish they had been consulted before they were moved.
  David you move things without consulting me all the time.
 Like the brooms!  Okay, well they were fugly brooms with big red handles.
  They didn't match our sand and stone color palette.
  Well, this is clearly a high stakes situation,  so maybe you wanna close the store down and figure it out.
  You know, David, one of the fundamental pillars  of any successful business person  is their ability to compromise.
  Hm, I have to agree with Patrick on this one.
  I don't think there's anything you have to do,  and I compromise all the time.
  (Laughs)  What? Nothing, I just um,  just remembering all those times that you compromised.
  (Laughs) I was just thinking about the same things,  because there, there's so many to flip through.
  Okay, last week, I let you pick the movie we watched.
  You made me pick between two Sandra Bullock vehicles.
  And you picked "The Lake House",  which was the correct choice.
 Just so that you know,  making someone choose between two things that you like,  is not exactly a compromise.
  I am fine with compromise.
  It's just this situation that's bothering me.
  So why don't we just put everything back exactly  as it was, and start again? So in that case,  I know that you were planning to go pick up  the tote bags later this afternoon,  even though I'd asked you do to that 2 days ago,  so maybe in the interest of compromise,  you could go and do that now?  Fine.
  Stevie, would you care to join me?  No.
 Fair enough.
  So you guys are just gonna stay behind  and talk about me after I've left.
  You know, swap stories about how I don't compromise.
  Yeah, pretty much.
 Mhmm.
  (Door shuts)  Twyla: Here's your tea, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Thank you, Twyla.
  So, it looks like I will be seeing you tonight.
  Why would that happen?  Well, Alexis came by this morning  and was really adamant that we go out tonight.
  Apparently I've been taking too much time for myself,  and I need to get back out there and meet people.
  Is that so?  Yeah, I actually had plans tonight,  but Alexis said it would be best if I just canceled them.
  She's gonna help me get ready at the motel,  and then we're gonna go to the bar together.
  Always the little philanthrope.
  Though it's possible this outing  might serve you both well.
  I'm sure you're not aware of this but,  our Alexis is unfortunately suffering a bit of a dry spell.
  Exacerbated by this situation with the former lover, Ted,  and his new girlfriend, Harriet?  You mean Heather? I believe it's Heather.
  Yeah, um, Ted and Heather have been together for  hm, a while now.
  They started dating when Alexis was still working  at the vet's office.
  She says it doesn't bother her, but sometimes I wonder.
  Always the closed book, our Alexis.
 Bless her soul.
  I've always found her to be pretty open about things.
  A closed book that falls open  the second you take it off the shelf.
  That's enough gossip for today, Twyla.
  No, I'm not comfortable discussing the intimate details  of Alexis' private life, with her not present.
  Oh, I wasn't gossiping,  it was just that you brought it up.
  So I just wanted to clarify that it was  Gossip is the devil's telephone.
  Best to just hang up.
  (Awkward silence)  (Patrons chatter, music plays on the radio)  (Door opens)  (Clip of "Erin Brockovich" on TV)  Erin: I left messages.
  Ed: You did, well I didn't know that.
  Uh, Donald seems to think that you said   What's going on?  (Roland sighs)  Well, Erin Brockovich  has just started her job at the law firm,  and she's not getting the respect she deserves,  because of the way she dresses.
 Not the movie!  This!  Oh, well I'm just showing  a couple of our guests the set up.
  Turns out, Carmine, here, is a big Albert Finney fan.
  Roland, can I have a word?  Keep it on pause, boys.
 (Sighs)  Yeah, okay, I know what you're gonna say.
  Better than expected, huh?  I specifically said no TV.
  Johnny, I thought you were joking.
  Why would you think I was joking?  I dunno, maybe it's your dry wit, you know,  that never quite hits the target.
  You're gonna have to say goodbye to Carmine  and his friend.
  It's his brother, Brian.
  Although they could be friends too, I don't know,  they could be brothers and friends.
  Guys, how would you describe your relationship?  Roland? Friendly?  You're supposed to be weeding the back lawn today!  Okay, but for the sake of customer service,  try to chill out, my man.
  I will chill out when the back lawn gets weeded!  Oh fine.
  Fellas, finish it without me, sorry.
  (Erin Brockovich plays again)  (Door opens and shuts)  Erin: I trusted you.
  Ed: Sorry about that, I really am.
  Erin: I don't need pity, I need a paycheck.
  And I've looked, but when you spent the past 6 years  raising babies, it's really hard   Has she broken up with the boyfriend yet?  Erin:  are you gettin' every word of this down, honey?  Or am I talkin' too fast for you?  (Soft Jazz music plays)  (Bell jingles) Hi.
  (Soft Jazz music plays)  Hi.
  (Soft Jazz music plays)  Notice some of our more discreet backroom items  are now on display at the front of the store.
  That would have nothing to do with the conversation  we just had before I left, would it?  Oh, well people have been asking for plungers,  and uh, you insist on keeping them hidden away  in the back room because you find them offensive.
  Hmm.
 So, uh,  I thought given the demand for some more basic items,  this could be a good opportunity for you to  make a compromise.
  Okay, I mean if assaulting customers  with the sight of a toilet plunger  the minute they walk in the door  is something that you consider to be  an effective business strategy,  then that is a compromise that I am willing to make.
  Are you sure?  Look at his face.
 Look at your face.
  Yes, yes.
  Okay, great.
  Well, then obviously you'll have no problem  if I get the toilet brushes out here, too.
  (Soft Jazz music plays)  Is something wrong, David?  No.
    (Crickets chirp)  You do this every night you go out?  I do this every night.
  Well, look at the two of you.
  Oh you remind me of my days at the old Mudd Club  on the Lower East Side.
  I remember one regrettably early morning  with Johnny Thunders.
  Okay, can we help you with something?  Oh, I'm sorry, can't a mother show a little interest  in her only daughter's social calendar?  So, what establishment are we going to grace tonight?  It's just a bar on the outside of town.
  And how are we getting around?  They don't allow you to drink and drive anymore.
  We will be taking a cab.
  No you won't! I will drive you!  Oh dear, I have the night to myself,  and I would like nothing better  than to find a new man for Twyla.
  I see before me, a beautiful young woman in her prime,  who deserves every happiness.
  Mrs.
 Rose, that's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me.
  And I mean every word of it.
  So I think you girls should allow me to play chauffeur  for the evening.
 It'll be the black car out front.
  Okay, I know what our car looks like, but thank you.
  (Motorcycle engine revs)  (Car rumbles up)  (Muffled music and chatter)  Oh.
  Before you go in,  a bit of advice from someone who's been around.
  Okay, pretty sure we didn't ask you, but sure.
  If, and when, you meet someone who catches your eye,  hold his gaze.
  Then walk up behind him,  trace a single finger down his back.
  And if he follows you into a dark corner of the bar,  it's meant to be.
  Hm, that sounds super embarrassing.
  It was my go-to move many years ago,  and it always paid off.
  And do you know who my last target was?  Who was it? Ooh.
  John Cougar  No.
  Mellencamp.
  (Laughs)  But guess who drove me home that night?  Mr.
 Rose.
 Yes, you're right.
  And that car ride was better  than any dark corner dalliance with JCM.
  Ew.
  Sometimes in life and in love risks must be taken.
  One never knows what may happen.
  Okay? Shall I wait here for you both?  Um, we're not in high school, so I think we're good,  but thank you.
 Okay.
  (Door unlocks)  Thanks for the ride, Mrs.
 Rose.
  (Alexis grunts) Okay, thanks!  Alexis! You're wrinkled in the back.
  Ooh? What? Confidence, girls!  (Car door shuts)  (Roland shouts and laughs)  (Crickets chirp)  (Door opens and shuts)  (Low music plays from the game, controller clicks)  Roland!  Take 'em off!  You're taking off? All right, have a good night, Johnny.
  What're you still doing here?  Well, I'm just kicking back a little bit.
 It was a busy day.
  Roland! You have a pregnant wife at home,  it's 9:00 at night, you're here playing video games?  What are you, hiding out?  No, I'm not hiding out, Johnny.
  (Door opens) Good evening, gentlemen.
  Jocelyn.
  Roland, I brought you ribs for dinner.
  Oh thank you, honey.
  So, he seems to be making himself comfortable here.
  Yes, a little little too comfortable.
  Jocelyn, I don't wanna start anything here,  but Roland did finish work a few hours ago,  and I was telling him that he should be heading home?  Here's the thing.
  I have just remembered how attentive Roland gets  when I am pregnant.
 He is very hands on, very concerned,  and he is just always there.
  So we were thinking that it might better, for me,  if we could just kind of extend his work day, you know,  to allow for some more alone time.
  For me.
  Okay.
 I understand.
  Oh! (Laughs)  Wow! I just upgraded my wand!  Two more levels and I'll have enough opals to buy the harp.
  Way to go, honey!  Alone time, Johnny.
 I just need some alone time.
  (Slow music plays)  So, I don't think I'm gonna need a ride home tonight.
  Oh my God, that's so great!  Because I think I'm going home with a guy.
  No, yeah, I pieced that together.
  He plays soccer, and he works at the quarry,  and we both have the same second favourite color.
  So important.
  Your mom's trick totally worked.
  I ran my finger down the backs of three different guys,  and one of them turned around.
  It's a total numbers game.
  You're gonna be okay?  Yeah, yeah, for sure.
 Of course.
  I'm just so glad I took a risk.
  Speaking of which  that guy over there,  he's been staring at you all night.
      (Door creaks shut)  (Footstep crunch)  (Muffled music plays)  (Door creaks shut)  (Clears her throat)  Ted: Hello? Hey.
  Hello? Hey, can you hear me?  Just joking, you've got Ted's voice-mail.
  Don't you hate it when people do that?  Me too, and yet I just did it.
  Anyway, leave a message and I'll call you back.
 (Beep)  (Muffled music plays)  Patrick: You know, I have to say,  if we hadn't put these babies out there,  there's a strong possibility  we wouldn't have sold two of 'em today.
  And a brush.
  But at what cost? You know?  And the mark-up on the plungers is actually very good.
  Hmm.
  Makes me think that we should be taking more products  from the back and actually putting them out there.
  Mhmm.
  Okay, no, no, no, no, no.
  No! no!  Fine, I'm terrible at compromise! There, I said it.
  Like Beyonce, I excel as a solo artist,  and I was also dressed by my mother well into my teens,  okay? Let it out David, let it out.
  I'm sorry that I just know what looks correct.
  And this situation is not correct!  Toilet plungers on display at the front of a store,  is incorrect!  Breath mints where the lip balms should be.
 Not correct!  Not correct.
  These mountaineering shoes that my boyfriend is wearing,  looking like Oprah on a Thanksgiving Day hike,  incorrect.
  I'm sorry, what did you just say?  I said the breath mints need to move.
  I think it was something about your boyfriend's shoes?  Um I don't remember saying that.
  Yeah, no, that's what I heard.
  Well hey, my boyfriend doesn't like the shoes,  I could, I could take the shoes off.
  I mean, or not.
 I don't remember saying it.
  So, you can do whatever you'd like.
  I think my work here is done.
  And what work is that, exactly?  (Patrick chuckles)  (Door opens, bell jingles)  My boyfriend doesn't like the shoes, so I'm gonna take the shoes off.
  Okay, before you do that, um,  I just wanna let you know that sock feet in a public place  is also incorrect.
  We do what we have to do.
  (Muffled music plays)  (Moira gasps)  Hello, you!  Hey.
 You were in the bar? How did I not see you?  I I wanted to wait for you, but I got bored in the car.
  Bored, so I found a lovely little speakeasy  at the back of the club.
  Where's Twyla?  Oh, she used your little finger trick.
  Oh! So I guess we won't be waiting for her!  Guess we won't.
 No.
  Are you goin' back in?  No.
 There's no one in there for me.
  Okay.
 (Footsteps crunch)  Well, I  I didn't want to say this in front of Twyla but  there was a reason I drew Mr.
 Cougar Mellencamp  into that dark corner of the bar instead of your father.
  I don't need to know how this story ends, so  Your father was with someone at the time.
  But I knew there was something between us.
 I just knew it.
  Whatever it was, it was worth waiting for.
  Well, that's very cute for you,  but I don't know what that has to do with me.
  It took a year.
  A year?  But if it's meant to be, they'll come around!  (Laughs) Mhmm.
  Should we call it a night? Yes.
  I think so, too.
  (Footsteps crunch, keys jingle)  I'm driving? That's a good idea!      

                




                    			1 (Door closes)  (Gasp) Flowers!  Oh, John, I do love how you keep the magic alive.
  Well they're not from me, Moira.
  "Sorry for your loss.
 She was really something.
"  Ew.
 Who was something?  Well, I don't know.
  They didn't even put their name on the card.
  Alexis: Mom? In here.
  Oh, thank God.
  The internet says you're dead.
  What? Whadda ya mean?  Who's saying that? Your mother's not dead.
  I'm standing right here.
  Yeah, well now I know, but it's weird  'cause they're still saying it.
 So people are believing it?  Um, well it doesn't help that Alexis just tweeted  "Goodbye to a great actress," with a cool sunglasses emoji.
  Ok, I'm wearing sunglasses because I'm in mourning, David.
  What is the source of this falsehood?  And what photo are they using?  Unclear and primarily a head-shot from the 90's,  so fresh, and young, and permed.
  So what are you saying?  The entire internet thinks your mother is dead?  Um, well not like the entire internet.
 (Knock on door)  It's not even trending, which is actually kind of sad.
  Mhmm.
 That's what you think is sad?  (Door opens)  Someone just dropped these off for you.
  I'm assuming you're not dead?  All right, consider this camel's back broken.
  Who sends pink carnations?   (Door opens)  Oh Johnny, Johnny, get over here.
  Come on, lemme give you one.
  Oh yeah.
 Oh good, that feels good, doesn't it?  She's Let it out.
  She's not dead, Roland.
  Boy, it's strange, I can almost still smell her perfume.
  It's because I was just talking to her.
  Well, I understand.
 You know,  sometimes I wear Jocelyn's robe when she's outta town.
  Yeah, it was a misprint, Roland,  Moira's very much alive.
  Oh, well, thank god! Geez.
  You know, I gotta be honest with you,  this news really kinda hit me hard.
  That's very nice.
  Yeah, the first thing I thought of is  what would happen to the baby if something happened to us?  Roland, this is kind of a heavy conversation  to have at 9 a.
m.
, isn't it? Johnny, Johnny,  I want you to be the godfather to my child.
  What?  Well, it's a no-brainer, Johnny.
  I mean, we're best friends.
 Yeah but are we?  And to mark the occasion,  I wanna take you to a celebratory lunch.
  Well that's not necessary.
  Well, nothing's too good for the godfather of my child.
  (Crickets chirping)  I can't believe it.
  I mean, I literally saw her walk past the cafe yesterday.
  I know.
  And again you know, my thing with ghosts?  Yeah.
 But she didn't seem angry  like the other ones.
 Oh.
  You know, it says here,  that Moira was projected to be nominated  for 10 Daytime People's Choice Awards.
  12! (All gasp) Oh my god.
  The most projected nominee  to have never actually been nominated.
 Moira?  We were just reading an article that said you were  Shh.
 Fear not.
 She hath risen!  (Clapping)  It's so good to see you.
 In the flesh.
  Credit that internet!  Due to careless reporting,  and the gullibility of the masses,  everyone thinks I've died.
  Yeah, because the news is everywhere.
  Thank you.
  Did you see the byline by Maria Menounos?  No? How did it go?  (Sighs)  The unsung hero of afternoon television.
  (Ahhs )  Oh they're singing my praises now.
  All: (Giggle)  Oh Moira, we are so happy that you are okay!  Yes, Jocelyn, thank you.
  Can you imagine an alternate universe  in which I've actually died?  Wow.
 I wonder what you'd be saying.
  I don't even wanna think about it.
  I know, right? But theoretically,  what do we think we'd be saying right now?  (Silence)  Uh, she always kept things interesting.
  Yeah.
  Or uh heaven just got its newest leading lady.
  All: (Chuckle)  Alrighty, I think we should get to rehearsal, okay?  We can revisit this later.
  Alexis: Thank you so much for taking me out, David.
  I really needed it.
  Especially after everything that's going on with Mom.
  Okay, is that the reason,  or is it because I'm on a buying trip,  and that means you get free samples?  We make a very good team, David.
  You do the talking, and I sample the merchandise.
  And speaking of, we might have to circle back  and get more of these peanut butter things  from those old farm witches.
 They were Mennonites,  and I would put the peanut butter square down,  we're about to spend the afternoon sampling a lot of cheese.
  Hmm.
 Nom nom for us, David.
  Never say nom nom, again.
  Anyway, this is a very important account for me.
  I've been trying for the past little while to secure  an exclusivity deal with this vendor,  but she's very picky about her retailers.
  Everyone's trying to get their greasy hands on her cheese.
  Ew, David.
  Wait, Warner Farms?  Does this cheese woman have animals on her farms?  Like goats? Does she have goats?  Well, we're about to sample some goat's cheese,  so I would imagine she has goats on her farm.
  This is Heather Warner's farm, David.
 I know.
  No, like Heather, Heather.
 Like, Ted's Heather.
  What? She's like 50.
  0 She's 42, and I know! Ugh!  Okay.
 (Tires crunch)  You know what?  I can't have your personal drama  storming over my business dealings right now,  so I think it's best if you got out of the car,  and walked home.
 Walked home?  That would take like 15 minutes, David,  that's absolutely not happening.
  Anyway, don't worry about me.
 I'll be fine.
  Okay.
 Um, then maybe it's best if you stayed in the car  with the windows down.
  Stop it, David, I'm not a baby.
  (Alexis whines)  (Doors open and shut)  (Birds chirping)  (Crow cawing)  So just  (Crow cawing)  (Car rumbles)  So Roland, I've been thinking about  your very generous offer to be godfather to your baby.
  It's not an offer, Johnny, it's an offer you can't refuse.
  Oh.
 Ha ha, Marlon Brando.
 Right, but from what movie?  The Godfather.
 No, from Casino.
  Okay, fine.
  It wasn't Casino, Brando wasn't in Casino, but  Hmm? Roland,  I assume when you say godfather that it's, you know,  just an honorary title?  No.
 You'd have to step in and raise my kid  if something happened to Jocelyn or me.
  Which isn't gonna happen, but you never know in life.
  Our house inspector said that our furnace could go any day.
  Oh, and I'm thinking of getting Joce  his-and-hers cliff diving lessons for her birthday.
  Oh, yeah, well you see that concerns me a little.
  Well, those are just kind of extreme examples, Johnny.
  I mean, other than that I'm in the prime of good health.
  Except for this friggin' mole on my back.
  Okay, scoop of tuna on the Mediterranean salad, for you.
  Thank you.
  And the usual fried chicken on a waffle, extra skin.
  Okay.
 I will be right back  with the hot sauce and butter.
 Yes, and the gravy,  Twyla, please.
 Thank you.
 Ah.
  See the thing is, Roland, I don't think you realize   just how big a responsibility you'd be,  I don't wanna say strapping to my back, but  Well, Johnny, that's why I'm asking you  because um, I consider you family.
  Oh.
 Well, as a family member,  I feel we can say anything to each other.
  Sure.
 And, quite frankly,  your lifestyle choices  are making me just a little nervous.
  Don't worry about me.
 Mmm mm.
  (Roland chokes)  (Coughs)  I'm okay.
 Good.
  (Roland coughs)  (Roland coughs)  It's just a little piece of skin back there.
  Hmm.
 (Roland coughs)  I got it.
 Still good.
 Hmm.
  (Brando voice) Do you wanna have a bite?  I'll give you a bite you can't refuse.
  No, no, that's okay.
 That's fine.
 I am done.
  (Birds chirping)  Well, this is quite the spread.
  Hm, yeah.
 Look at all this cheese.
  Nom nom for  I'm glad we could finally make this happen.
  I know I've been a little hard to pin down.
  It's just we're a family-run business,  and there's an apprehension about branching out.
  I totally, totally get that.
  We are also a family-run business.
  This is my sister.
 Oh!  I thought you had a male business partner.
  Oh, I do.
 She is an intern.
  Oh.
  Um, in training to be CEO of executive buying so Okay.
  Anyway, I just thought if we partnered together,  we'd be able to extend your customer base,  and raise your brand awareness.
  Ultimately, like, raise brand awareness.
  Listen, David, I love your store.
  But I wanna be up front with you.
  I have been approached by a couple of other retailers  that I have to consider.
  Hm.
 Someone's in demand, isn't she? (Laughs)  Which makes sense because this cheese is amazing and  like I don't usually love goat cheese, but  Thank you.
 I do have some prize-winning goats.
  And it doesn't hurt that I'm dating a vet.
  Fun.
 Mm hmm.
  Must be very helpful for you.
  How's that going?  You know, there is something so familiar about your voice.
  Oh.
 No, people have told me that I just have like,  one of those voices.
 Mhmm.
  Super generic and trill.
  Anyway, I just happened to eat one of those  pieces of blue cheese,  and normally I don't like blue cheese in my mouth,  but that was very not bad.
  I am with you.
 I wasn't a fan of it either  until I started using it in salads.
  Oh.
 Speaking of salads,  I just whipped up a big lunch.
  I would love it if you guys could stay.
  Ooh.
 Ooh.
  No, I for one just had like a very big peanut butter thing,  so I'm feeling pretty  Well, I for one did not.
  So we would love to stay for lunch  with an important supplier.
 Great.
  By all means, keep sampling,  and I will start bringing out the food.
  Oh um, I hope you don't mind if my boyfriend joins us?  I'm sorry?  Your boyfriend is here?  Yeah.
 Mhmm.
  You know what, I'm realizing that this might be an imposition.
  Get in the car! Not an imposition at all.
  Ted?  The clients are gonna stay for lunch.
  Would you mind helping me set the table?  Uh, sure.
  Thanks.
  (Birds chirping)    Oh, Becca DeMornay, what a sweetheart.
  It's times like this you learn who your true friends are.
  (Knock on door)  I'm busy!  Stevie: There's kind of a situation out here.
  Okay, come in.
  (Door opens and shuts)  Oh hey, so there's a reporter outside, asking questions.
  I thought you should know.
  A reporter? Here? Now!  Yeah, didn't you expect them to come?  Well, I thought it might be contained to the internet.
  Is there a scrum? How many camera crews?  I think just one.
  Unless they all used the same van.
  No.
 No, Stevie, no.
  This is not, not how I imagined my resurrection news to break!  Impeccably dressed woman wanders out of Podunk motel.
  No, that's not the headline!  Okay, well I actually own this Podunk motel,  and I don't know what choice you have.
  Well, we have to think of something.
  After all my fans have endured?  No, I can't let them see me like this.
  It would kill Sir Tony Geary.
  (Hangers rattle) No!  No! Ah! Stevie, help me!  Ah! No! Okay.
  Wow.
 Well, this looks delicious.
  Thank you so much for having us.
  Mmm.
 Mmm.
  Well, this quiche is a treat.
  I didn't know you'd gotten into prepared foods?  I haven't.
 I just made this for lunch.
  But if you've ever had her quiche,  you can definitely say that it is eggs-cellent.
  (All chuckle) Ted.
  So how is it you know each other?  Um, well  Uh well Alexis and I worked together.
  She used to be my receptionist.
  That's how I know your voice.
  You answered the phones at the vet's clinic.
  Yes! Well, I mean, like technically  I had more responsibility than just answering the phones but  Oh, and Ted is the vet that you said you were dating.
  Yes.
 Okay,  because when you said vet, I thought you meant like,  a War Vet.
 (Ted laughs)  Yeah, no definitely not a War Vet.
 Damn these fallen arches.
  I mean I must've called there every day, for months.
  Yes.
  Okay, okay.
 David, see, now this all makes sense.
  Mhmm.
  (Both chuckle) The quiche is vivacious,  and that is not a word I use to describe quiche often,  but you know, when the time is right.
  You know, Alexis, I feel like I really need to thank you.
  Had you not passed along all those messages to Ted,  I mean, looked what happened.
  I feel like we owe you, or something.
  Hmm.
  Well, she's a very generous person so  (Awkward silence)  Well, if you are looking for a way to thank me,  I know that David is looking for  exclusivity on your products.
  Ooh, she is good.
  (Heather sighs)  Okay, I'm in.
  Um  Well, that is why she is one of our finest interns.
  We-we need to get ahead of this, Stevie.
  We must, we must craft the perfect spin  that both proclaims I'm not dead,  and explains why I've been found here.
  Um, okay.
  We'll tell them you brainwashed me.
  Could you tell then someone else brainwashed you?  A cult.
 A cult.
 Our family joined a cult.
  There was a charismatic leader, 40 something, very sexual,  had very long hair, longer than you'd expect,  but it worked.
  How 'bout this idea?  Um, what about telling the truth?  Truth serum.
 Oh Stevie, yes,  those stories are always successful.
  No, I meant the actual truth.
 Oh.
  I've been reading what people have been saying about you.
  They're gonna be really happy you're still around.
  Yeah, I don't think loyalty was ever in question.
  Then why not come forward and be honest about where you are?  Stevie, I don't  Okay, that reporter's not gonna be out there forever.
  This is your chance to tell your own story,  in your own words.
  Like we did during the writer's strike.
  Right? You have the opportunity to create your own headline!  Yes.
  And honestly, would you rather be thought of as dead,  than living here?  (Birds chirping) Mrs.
 Rose?  No, I know.
 I'm thinking on it.
  Look, Jocelyn, the last thing I want  is for this conversation to get uncomfortable.
  Oh boy.
  But-but there is a delicate issue  that I wanted to talk about.
  Roland asked if you wanted to be godfather to the baby.
  Yes! He has been asking everybody  to be the godparent.
  You're the 3rd person I've had to talk to today, so.
  Oh, I see.
  I just think he wants to make sure  that our bases are covered, you know?  Well that's a relief, that your bases are covered.
  But here's the good news,  if something does happen to one of our first 3 choices,  we will definitely be knocking on your door.
  It's all for the best, Jocelyn,  because frankly the thought of raising another kid  Yeah, well, let's face it,  your first 2 were no walk in the park, right.
  Well, they're good kids.
  Yeah, I mean you had a lotta help.
  Yeah, but you know, we're very capable parents.
  Well if you like, we could um, move you up the list?  No, no, no, but this has all been very, very helpful.
  So, thank you.
  (Car engine rumbles)  (Rumbles by)  (Slow song plays on radio)  Ahem, well, that went well.
  Yeah.
  You didn't have to do that.
  I just like, hate how good this cheese is.
  Thank you.
  That wasn't the most comfortable situation to be in.
  I'm just glad Ted's found someone so stable and healthy.
  You're in love with him, aren't you?  Yes.
  Yup.
  Moira: I've always had great affection for the press,  and my fans.
  My fans, and the press, so thank you.
  Yes! Yes!  (Clothes rustle)  (Jewellery clinks)  (Bird chirping)  (Car engine rumbles)  (Running footsteps)  (Door opens) (Stevie gasps)  Stevie! (Door closes)  Do you happen to know where the van went?  Uh, yeah, apparently there was another celebrity death.
  Oh, I'm sorry.
 Who passed?  Um, you know that YouTube video  of the giraffe and the kitten who are best friends?  Alas, I do not.
  Okay, well the giraffe stepped on the kitten.
  Well, of course he did.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  I didn't think you were gonna talk to them.
  Oh, uh you know what, I'm relieved.
  Yes, enough of me for one day.
  Yeah, well I mean, it's pretty amazing  to see how many people care about you.
  Yeah.
 I mean if I died,  I'd be lucky if 1 person had something nice to say.
  Oh, Stevie.
 Stevie,  you have years ahead of you still to collect a cartage  of adoring mourners.
  In the meantime, they will laugh in your face,  and they'll stab you in the back,  but the moment you give up the ghost,  oh they'll all have nothing but nice things to say about you.
  I know I will.
  Thank you, Mrs.
 Rose.
 That's very comforting.
  And I, for one, am through with trying to impress people.
  I like the outfit you chose.
  Well, you were a big help, Stevie.
  Heading to the cafe.
  It's always nice to dress for dinner.
  (Crickets chirp)  Alexis: According to this, you're alive again.
  (David clears throat)  Well, looks like we're back, sweetheart!  Well, it was fun while it lasted.
  I guess we should think about returning some of these gifts?  John, they're perishable.
  And excuse me, but this is the first time  we've heard from most of these people.
  These gifts are long overdue.
  Oh my God! As if this day couldn't get any worse.
  What?  Cuppy the Kitten's dead.
  Oh my god, what happened?  I don't know, I'm reading, David.
  He stepped on her? Weren't they best friends?  'K, Kelly Ripa just tweeted, she's taking tomorrow off.
  Hashtag RIP Cuppy is trending.
  Who's Cuppy?  Honestly, what kind of kitten befriends a giraffe?      

                




                    			1 Roland: Hey Ronnie, I need the combination to the safe.
  It's your safe.
 You have the combination.
  Okay, then I need the number of a locksmith.
  I used a guy this weekend.
  Yeah, Gwen locked me out.
 (Laughs)  By accident.
  Roland, why do you need the safe?  I've just been to the baby doctor,  and I have some top secret information  about whether it's a boy or a girl.
  Joce and I wanna keep it a surprise.
  Your wife's pregnant in her 40's.
  How many surprises do you need?  Uh, it's kind of a Schitt family tradition there, Ronnie.
  Okay, I guess I just gotta crack this myself.
  It's either my birthday, or Gloria Estefan's.
  Mucho Dias, mes amis.
 Morning!  Anyway, moral of the story, I got a new keychain,  and I keep a sleeping bag in the car.
 (Laughs)  Okay, turns out it's Gloria's, September 1, 57.
  Who put a picture of a ghost on my desk?  (Roland gasps)  I can't believe you opened that! It was on my desk.
  That's the sonogram of our baby!  I've been tryin' not to look at it.
  We don't wanna know what we're having.
  Roland, you couldn't possibly discern  oh no, it tells you here at the bottom.
  Don't say a word.
 That's not fair!  Roland, why should I be the only one encumbered  with this emotional cargo?  Oh, Ronnie, Ronnie,  might you and I confabulate for a moment in the back room?  No, Moira, I'm not falling for that one.
  No, I assure you.
  I assure you it's a salacious bit of Council-related news.
  Oh.
  (Footsteps clank)  Robert?  Thank you.
   (Jazz music plays)  (Footsteps shuffle, floorboards creek)  (Deep inhale, slow exhale)  Okay, I'm gonna say it, we've been open for 3 hours now,  and not a single customer's walked through that door.
  Well, I mean, I heard that there was a storm warning  for today, so.
 Oh.
  How do you explain yesterday?  Maybe the storm warning was for yesterday.
  So then how do you explain today?  Okay, I don't have all the answers.
  Um, have we checked to see if the door is unlocked?  I think that we need to be a little more proactive  about this.
 We can't just wait for people to come in.
  We have to find better ways to engage with the community.
  Or, hey, just like a way.
  Just one way to engage with the community.
  Well, there's someone that is going to the caf.
  You know why people are always in the caf?  Because they feel at home there,  it feels like comfortable.
  Okay, are you saying that I don't make people feel at home?  Um  Okay.
  You remember our opening day here?  Yes! It was opening day, and there was booze.
  And people are drunks.
 Yes but they still showed up.
  We need to do something to make this store  feel a little bit more accessible,  a little bit more inclusive.
 (David sighs)  Okay.
 Well, I am open to suggestions.
  What if we hosted an open mic night?  I am open to suggestions.
  I actually used to host one in high school.
  There was a little caf around the corner from my house,  it had a little stage in the back.
  Drew a pretty big crowd.
  Okay.
  So there was a point at which you,  and some of your fellow amateur singer songwriters  would gather and perform poetry and songs?  Yeah.
 For one another?  Mhm.
 That's right.
 Oh god.
  The occasional improve troupe would stop by.
  I'm um I'm feeling kind of ill.
  David, you can laugh now,  but an open mic night can be a surprising amount of fun.
  Worst case scenario, we get some people in the store.
  Okay, no, worst case scenario, I watch improv.
  (Alexis clears throat)  Okay, so first of all, I would like to thank you both  for meeting with me today.
  Was this really necessary?  That's a good question, and the answer is, yes.
  Um, I'm just gonna say it.
  This place needs a tonne of work, like top to tail.
  We're talking serious, but manageable, fixes.
  I think what you mean to say is proposed improvements?  No, I mean like full-blown things that need fixing.
  Oh.
  Um, the comment cards, for example,  It's become very clear to me that you don't read them.
  They're just a placebo effect  for people who feel the need to complain.
  Uh, you have to take those with a grain of salt, honey.
  Those cards are written by embittered people  with way too much time on their hands.
  A lot of these are from Mom.
  Um, but some of them are from people  who are trying to point out things like,  you don't even have a website.
  We have a website.
 No.
 I looked it up,  and it's just like a cartoon of a construction worker  holding a sign that says "we'll be right back".
 So.
  It's under construction.
  And the phone booking system works just fine.
  Um, actually the phone booking system is confusing,  and the woman's voice was aggressive and off-putting.
  I had strep at the time.
 Okay.
  I'm gonna offer you both a PR and marketing strategy,  pro Bono.
  And if you're into it, we'll pull the trigger,  we'll work on my contract and my salary,  and then we'll get things going from there.
  Well, now's not the time to take our foot off the gas, Stevie,  and if we have a publicist at our disposal.
  Would we call her a publicist?  Um, I actually prefer to be called  a freelance brand invigorator.
 Stevie: Hmm.
  And I also have a super easy multi-step plan in place  for the motel.
  That sounds intense.
  Um, maybe we should take a minute and think about this.
  Well, I don't think there's any harm  in exploring Step 1 of the plan.
  That's great, because Step 1 of the plan  was this presentation, and we nailed it.
  So, as your new VP of Marketing and Communications,  I'd say we're off to a great start.
  Yeah.
  I'll pass.
  (Car engine roars)  (Door chime rings)  (Customers chatter, low music plays)  Don't worry, Moira,  I'm not gonna ask you whether I'm having a boy or a girl.
  Wonderful.
  Roland told me what happened today,  I just feel terrible that you are in this sticky situation.
  Don't worry, I've propelled it to the back of my brain.
  You must think that this is silly,  but keeping the gender of the baby a secret  is a bit of a tradition in Roland's family.
  I believe he said so, yes.
  It goes way back.
 Way, way back.
  Salem, Massachusetts, actually.
  Yeah, his great-great-great great-grandmother  accurately guessed the sex of her daughter's baby,  and then was put on trial for witchcraft,  so, you would see why.
 Toil and trouble.
  Roland never should've left that envelope on your desk.
  And now look at you, burdened with this secret.
  I mean, you must just wanna shout out  "it's a boy!" Or, "it's a girl!"  Is it a girl? Valiant attempt, Jocelyn.
  I was just testing you.
  I mean, I wouldn't wanna break the Schitt family tradition.
  Stupid witch! (Cries)  Oh Jocelyn, look at yourself.
  I know.
 I'm embarrassed by my behaviour.
  And you are being so strong, Moira.
  I can't imagine just holding all that information,  keeping it to yourself.
  Veronica!  (Door chime rings)  She just have forgotten her handbag.
  I'm sorry, you were talking about something?  (Door creeks)  Someone took a long coffee break.
  Oh, I'm sorry, did I miss the evening rush?  Uh, yes, one customer came in,  who was asking for directions.
  Well, I have good news.
  I got us a permit for tomorrow night,  and Ronnie says that we can get around the liquor license  if we just charge people cover at the door, so.
  What's the permit for?  The open mic night.
  Oh!  So we're moving forward with the open mic night, then.
  Yeah! We're moving forward with it.
  People are pretty excited about it, too.
  Did you know Bob does beat poetry in his spare time?  No.
  Oh god.
 Um what's that-what's that?  This is called an acoustic guitar.
  Right.
 Okay,  when we were talking about the open mic night,  I thought that you would be hosting it,  not performing at it.
  Well, traditionally the host plays at least one song, so.
  Right.
 Okay.
  So then you will be playing your acoustic guitar  in front of people then, in public.
  And singing a song.
 And singing a song.
  I was thinking about singing an original song.
  An original song? But then I thought you know,  it's probably best just to stick with a classic.
  Yeah.
 Classic.
  So I'm sensing some apprehension.
  No, I think it's, you know, it's  it's not scary or embarrassing  for the person you're dating to sing at you  with an acoustic guitar in front of people.
  I think that's cool.
  David, you're gonna be fine.
  It's just a way to get some people in the store, okay?  Yeah.
 Yes, for sure.
  I mean, if you are, confident,  to put yourself and our relationship at risk  like that, then I am 87% behind you.
  Good to know.
 So now the only question is,  do I wear my fringed vest? Okay.
  Or more importantly, do I wear anything under it?  Okay.
 (Strums guitar)  (Camera clicks)  (Camera clicks)  Okay, hi, hi.
  This image is gonna be used as the key art  for the new website, so it has to be like, on message.
  Yes, uh, Stevie, Mr.
 Rose,  the motivation here is two small-town friends  welcoming guests to their humble motel.
  Oh.
 Should I be holding a key?  No, Mr.
 Rose, unless you wanna look really, really corny.
  Yeah, like really, really cheesy, and off-brand.
  All right, no key.
 No key.
  Just look at the camera like uh, it's a guest.
  If the camera was your guest, how would you greet her?  I don't know.
  Um, welcome to the Schitt's Creek Motel.
  I'm Johnny Rose.
  Um, yes, but no, don't use your mouth.
  Uh, um, talk to the guests with your face.
  Smile with your eyes.
  What the fuck does that mean?  Okay, Johnny, what are we doing with our hands?  Alexis, I don't love you calling me Johnny.
  Okay, are we done here? Okay, it's probably my fault,  but I don't think I've gotten a good photo yet.
  Yeah, something about this is just not working for me.
  Um, like can you (whispers)  Okay, um, Mr.
 Rose,  would you mind taking one step to your left?  Okay now, three more steps to your left.
  So Stevie, one other angle  that I'm playing is focusing just on you.
  You're the hook.
  Pretty country girl who doesn't care about big city things  like dressing well, or how she looks.
  We could rename the motel like, Stevie's Place.
  Stevie's Place sounds like a shelter for battered men.
  Okay, well the name was just a jumping off point.
  Um, we could use your last name,  and call it the Budd Inn.
  And now that I'm saying that out loud,  obviously we're not gonna do that.
  But I do wanna focus on you.
  Is this a team meeting, 'cause I'm part of the team.
  Uh, no we're good, we're gonna focus on a solo shot.
  Solo?  Don't take it personally, Mr.
 Rose,  it's probably because you didn't know what to do with your hands.
  Or maybe it's because your face looked like  it tasted something sour.
 Or maybe  Thank you, Ray, I get it.
  Okay, actually, I'm really not good with this.
  Okay, Stevie, you need more confidence,  because this is all you.
 (Camera clicks)  (Camera clicks)  Like literally anything.
  (Camera clicks)  Okay, I'm gonna need a minute.
  We didn't budget for that, but sure.
  (Door closes)  Attention everyone, after much, much discussion,  and a brief seance, Roland and I have decided  We wanna know the sex of our baby, Moira!  Oh boy.
 Uh, could we hold off until I get Gwen on the phone?  Are we really still talking about this?  Ronnie, you don't have to stick around  if you don't want to.
 No, no I'm in it now.
  Well, I'm not so sure I am.
  Knowing everything your great grandmother went through,  I would no, I will not be held accountable  for invoking a coven.
  Uh, Gwen has stopped her Pilates tape for this,  so uh, can we get a move on here?  Very well, then.
  It's a girl.
  (Cheering)  (In unison) Tammy!  Or a boy.
 Huh?  Perhaps it's a boy.
 Wait, which one is it?  All of a sudden, expected attention  has me doubting what I saw.
 I barely glanced at that paper.
  (Roland sighs)  No.
 No, I very clearly remember,  an M and an F,  just can't recall which one was circled.
  Well, could you try? It's your fault!  You told me to keep it a secret,  and that's exactly what I did, even from myself.
  Okay, well nobody panic.
  Where did you put the sonogram?  In the safe.
  And I wrote down the new combination on a sticky note.
  Perfect, so where's the sticky note?  Well, the sticky note, I believe,  is also in the safe.
  Well that, I will admit, is my blunder.
  Gwen, you still there? Hello?  I'm goin' home.
  (Robert hangs up phone)  (Door opens and shuts)  Hey, so no presh,  but the hot 10 I've given you has turned into a very hot 20.
  Yeah, I'm just a little overwhelmed right now.
  Okay, um, babe, I get it.
  You're probably thinking like, oh,  is my foundation off by a shade?  Am I wearing the wrong top?  And the bottom line is, maybe.
  But you know what? (Door opens)  So, I'm playing around with Ray,  we took some shots with my hands outta my pockets,  and he thinks with a little Photoshopping,  they may turn out okay.
  Everything good here? Um, Stevie has cold feet.
  Okay, Stevie, I know this is a little overwhelming,  but if you wanna grow the business,  you gotta play the game.
  Maybe I don't wanna play the game.
  Maybe I don't wanna grow the business.
  Okay, Stevie, as VP, and CEO of In-House publicity,  growing the business is generally considered  to be a good thing.
  Right, but the more we grow the business,  the more money we make.
 And the more money we make,  the more likely you are to take off,  and then I will be left here stuck with  way more responsibility than I ever asked for.
  What would make you think I would walk away  from this business?  Aside from the fact that your wife  talks about leaving every day? Okay, sorry to jump in again,  but this conversation seems like something  we should have had before the photo shoot.
  Stevie, whatever decisions we make,  we make them together.
  Nobody's gonna leave you behind.
  Can I get that in writing?  Yeah.
 We can do that.
  Okay, this is cute.
 This is cute.
  Ray should be seeing this.
  Ray! You should be seeing this.
  Johnny's looking half-normal.
 (Slams door)  (Jazz music plays)  (Low hum of patron chatter)  Hi.
 You see?  You see what I told you?  This is all it took to get people out on a work night.
  Yup, a lot of people are shopping and drinking.
  I don't even know if we need to do the open mic part.
  Oh, we need the open mic part.
  Do we? Yeah.
  Okay.
 (Sighs)  Hey, I think we're going to uh, get things started here.
  (Cheering) How's everybody doin'?  (Cheering) Awesome.
  Thanks so much for coming to uh,  what I hope will be the first of many open mic nights  here at the Rose Apothecary.
  Um, David and I are so excited you could all come.
  I see everybody's loaded up on drink tickets.
  Oh yeah.
  That's good news.
  I'm going to uh, I guess I'm gonna get the party started,  right after I tune up this little baby.
  Oh dear, you're awfully brave allowing your beau  to indulge himself like this.
  Okay, this was not my idea.
  All right, um  I would like to dedicate this song  to a very special someone in my life.
  David Rose.
 Okay.
  There he is, right there.
 That's him.
 Can't miss him.
  You'll let me know if I should pull the fire alarm?  Yes.
  (Patrick plays guitar)  (Playing "Simply the Best" by Tina turner)  I call you when I need you, my heart's on fire   You come to me wild and wired   You come to me   And give me everything I need   Give me a life time of promises   And a world of dreams   Speak the language of love like you know what it means   And it can't be wrong   Take my heart and make it strong, babe   'Cause you're simply the best   Better than all the rest   Better than anyone   Anyone I've met   And I'm stuck on your heart   I hang on every word you say   Tear us apart   Baby, I'd rather be dead   In your heart I see   The start of every night and every day   Moira? (Moira gasps)  Oh, you two, I told you I don't know.
  But we do.
 We called the doctor.
  You did? Lovely.
  Don't you wanna know what it is?  I'll give you three guesses.
  Moira, we're having a boy.
  A boy, I believe I told you that.
  How wonderful!  My boy right now is being serenaded  by his butter-voiced beau.
  In your heart I see   The start of every night and every day   In your eyes I get lost, I get washed away   Just as long as I'm here in your arms   I can be in no better place   You're simply the best   Better than all the rest   Better than anyone   Anyone I've met   Oh, you're the best   (Strum final cords)  (Applause and cheering)  Thank you.
  Thank you!  (Applause)  (Crickets chirp)  Okay, I'm so excited for you to see this.
  This would've been much more of a surprise,  if I hadn't heard the construction all morning.
  Okay, Stevie, you can take the blindfold off.
  In 10 9  Okay, just take the blindfold off.
  See Stevie, we're both up there, now.
  Why isn't it just Rose Motel?  The Rosebud makes it a sad stunted thing.
  Okay, it's just that Budd is Stevie's last name.
  Oh, oh that's nice then.
  Yeah, except it's Budd, with two d's, but  Okay, well that would just look insane.
  Also, I didn't know that.
  Can we have breakfast now?  Yeah, let's celebrate.
 Come on!  Oh, um, not to brag, but this re-brand got me 77%  on my final marketing exam.
  Okay, have you ever gotten an A?  Enough, David.
  (Birds chirp)      

                




                    			1 (Birds chirp)  All right.
  (Door opens)  Morning, David.
  Ew.
 What are you all doing here?  We have a surprise for you.
  Judging from the looks on your faces, I don't want it.
  Stevie? Stevie?  Something arrived at the front desk for you.
  Ah!  It appears someone has something to celebrate.
  Why would Patrick do that?  That was my first thought.
  Celebrating a monthly anniversary  seems a bit of a reach.
  But then Alexis informed us  that this is the longest relationship you've ever had!  Four whole months, David.
 How 'bout that?  Okay, this is not the longest relationship I've ever had.
  I had a very intimate connection with Tony,  for several years.
  She was your pen pal, David.
  She was in a penitentiary, dear.
  Well, this calls for a celebration.
  Now Roland just found a barbecue in the shed,  so, I say you invite Patrick over, we fire it up,  and have a good old fashioned Rose family barbecue.
  Yes, David.
 I mean, we already have dessert.
  I mean, this would feed at least 10 people.
  Okay, first of all, no one's sharing the cookie.
  And second of all, Patrick is not being invited to a barbecue.
  Is he pulling back? No!  Has he asked you about an open relationship?  Not yet.
 Anyway, everything is fine,  which is why I would rather not subject him  to eating charred meat with this group of carnies.
  Carnies are people too.
  David, could you just once embrace joy?  Okay.
  Perhaps it's this nay-saying reticence  that caused your past relationships to  Fall apart.
  oxidize.
  Oxidize.
 Okay, you know what?  I think we're good here.
 Thanks.
  So you're bringing Patrick?  Nope, Patrick's still not coming.
  Bye bye.
  (Sniffs cookie) Oh yeah, it's soft.
   (Jazz music plays)  (Door opens and closes)  Do you have any idea what you've done?  Take it the cookie went over well?  I have told you for three months now,  that I don't want a monthly anniversary gift.
  And I know you think it's very funny,  but this time it went too far.
  It's a cookie, David, what's the big deal?  First of all, a cookie is always a big deal,  especially when that cookie just alerted my entire family  to the fact that this is  officially the longest relationship I've ever had.
  This is the longest relationship you've ever had?  Oh, I shoulda got you more than a cookie.
  Okay, well the cookie was almost too much.
  Figuratively speaking.
  I ate half of it on the way here.
  Bottom line, I just don't think we need to celebrate as much.
  You know, we could just go day-to-day like normal people.
  If we throw a if we throw a renaissance fair every month,  I just feel like we might be tempting fate.
  We are not tempting fate, okay?  I can't speak to your past,  but I think you might have an easier time of it,  and maybe a little bit more fun,  if you just learn to trust people.
  The last time I heard that, I was dating a birthday clown  who painted my face in the night,  and was literally never seen from again.
  Noted.
  You have nothing to worry about, David,  and I can return these tickets to the Julia Stiles-a-thon  at the drive-in tonight.
 Let me see those.
  I agree, that might have been a little overboard.
  Okay, first of all, let it be known  that supporting Julia Stiles is never going overboard.
  Oh, so you can go? Um, not tonight.
  Tonight I have a thing, but tomorrow I could come.
  What's your thing tonight?  Um, it's just like a family thing at the motel.
  It's like a nothing thing.
 You wouldn't  Okay, well tomorrow night it is.
  Now I gotta go to town hall to get some signatures  for our permit renewal, but don't worry, David,  unlike the birthday clown, I will be back.
  He was never found.
 Probably dead.
  (Bell jingles, door shuts)  You just fill this out and I'll get ya checked in.
  Great, thanks.
 Hey girl.
  Oh, you're talkin' to me?  Yeah, who else would I be talking to? No offense.
  What's up?  Okay, so I wanted to get some advice, like girl-to-girl,  'cause you're always so good with boy stuff.
  So David's at work and you had nobody else to talk to?  What?  That's  So I got this message from Ted,  and I wanted to get someone's your  Mhmm.
 Your, specific opinion  before I replied.
  Okay, so this is what Ted sent this morning.
  I'm more of a bagel guy, winky face?  Keep in mind we haven't seen each other in weeks.
  Okay, so it was an accident.
  Or, it was made to look like an accident.
  Okay.
 It's a tactic, Stevie.
  You send someone a random text message to get their attention,  and then the next thing you know, you're talking again.
  Who would do that? I've done that.
 Like a lot.
  I did it last week.
  This is why I choose not to be in a relationship.
  Hey Alexis.
  Rachel, sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop,  but that's like the oldest trick in the book.
  Texting a bunch of letters and saying your phone  was unlocked in your purse.
 Right?  I used to text Zac Efron just like a question mark  whenever I wanted a booty call.
  Poor thing would be like buzzing my apartment  before I even pressed send.
  That's actually how my fianc and I  keep getting back together.
  Okay, Rachel, you're in Room 9.
  Oh, actually we're just finishing up.
  Um, okay so what do you think I should write back?  Honestly I don't know anything about your relationship,  but I do know that games only get you so far.
  Unless you wanna end up like me, 6 months later,  tryin' to win him back for the 50th time.
  Mmhm.
 Having flashbacks of Zac Efron.
  Isn't it easier to just be direct?  Either way, you get an answer.
  You're like super smart, and pretty in like a breezy,  non-threatening sort of way.
  Another successful girl talk.
  (Door shuts, footsteps clank)  You know, Roland, when you said you found a grill,  this isn't exactly what I had in mind.
  What'd you expect Johnny, Benihana? (Laughs)  No, there's no dials, no tanks, no side burners.
  I mean I wasn't expecting a built-in wine fridge,  but this is nothing like what I'm used to cooking on.
  (Roland scoffs) What?  No, I'm sorry, I just had an image of you cooking.
  Come on, Johnny, you're talking to a grill master.
  Do you know that I've been given three different aprons  because of my barbecue skills?  Let's see, I've got License to Grill,  I've got Working Grill,  oh and I have Grills Just Wanna Have Fun.
  It's gonna take more than a license to grill  to get this thing back to life.
  Okay look, um, I can smell your fear, okay?  So why don't you go grab the meat and the briquettes,  and I'll get this bad boy up and running for ya?  Okay well, thank you, Roland.
  And just so you're aware,  this has nothing to do with me not knowing my way around a grill.
  I've watched many a personal chef flip a burger in my day.
  I've got the perfect apron for ya,  Poor Little Rich Grill.
 (Laughs)  I'll get it made up.
 (Laughs)    (Quick footsteps thud)  I think so.
 I hope so.
  It would only be fair.
 Please tell me yes.
  Uh, hi.
  David, someone's ears must be a-flame.
  When you said that you were coming back,  you just meant that you weren't coming back,  and that I would have to spend the afternoon searching for you  on the train tracks, and among various unmarked vans.
  You did that for me?  No, but there was a moment when I thought about doing it.
  David, blame me.
 Oh, I do.
  Patrick was about to slip away with the signatures  when I corralled him into a little lunchtime chin wag.
  Yes, which is how I found out about the barbecue  that I was invited to, but didn't know about.
  Hmm.
  Why didn't you tell me I was invited to the barbecue?  Well, they only wanted to have the barbecue  after reading what was on your cookie.
  Yeah, sorry that still sounds pretty nice to me.
  Thank you, Pat.
 It is nice.
  No one's saying it's not nice.
 What I'm saying is  Yeah, okay.
 (Grunts)  Pat, do you mind giving us the room for just a moment?  Certainly.
 Okay.
  Somebody should probably be at the store anyway, huh?  Lovely talking to you, Mrs.
 Rose.
  You too.
  Wow.
 (Door creak shut)  What are you doing?  I told you I didn't want to make a big deal out of this.
  David you can't blame us for being excited.
  Your father and I,  we weren't involved in your past relationships,  and from what I understand, it was one bungle after another.
  I'm not saying there's a connection.
  There's no connection,  it's just a long string of very bad luck,  and I don't know what kind of carnage  I inflicted in a past life, to deserve it.
  I must've been Dracula, or a spin instructor.
  And what if we could finally tie a sailor's knot  in that string of bad luck?  Because after spending 5 minutes alone with sweet Pat,  We're not doing Pat.
  He sees you.
 For all that you are.
  Well, hopefully not all that I am, I mean that would be  Oh, David, you have the opportunity to climb out  of the quicksand that was your past,  and stand firmly in the present.
  Let us celebrate that.
  (Sighs) Fine.
 He can come.
  Excellent.
 And he's bringing his guitar.
  What? Well, it was mostly his idea, you know,  in case there's a rousing fireside sing-along?  No, I draw the line at sing-along.
  (Birds chirping)  Whoa, geez, Louise.
  (Light taps)  Alexis, hey.
  Hey.
 I was in the neighbourhood,  so I thought I'd just pop in and say hey.
  I was gonna send a text but um,  I thought it'd be better if I just came in.
  I'm glad you did.
  I'm also glad I did.
  It's good to see you.
  It's also good to see you.
  Okay, well I just wanted to say hey,  and I'm here, and I got your text.
  What text?  The text.
  Did I send a text?  Maybe no?  Maybe you didn't.
 Did you? I'm not sure.
  What, uh, what'd it say?  Nothing.
 I don't think it said anything, now that I think about it.
  Um no something about you being more of a bagel guy.
  Oh my god, did I send that to you? No, I don't think so.
  Oh my gosh, I did.
 Did you, though?  I'm sorry, that wasn't supposed to be sent to you.
  Hello dummy, why do you think I'm here?  I'm here to tell you to be careful  because with those texts, those texts in the wrong hands,  Yeah, it was actually meant for Heather.
  Heather, yes.
 Yes.
  You and Heath and the bagels.
 Yeah, she was just asking  if she should pick up scones or bagels.
  Anyway, now we know.
 Now we know.
  You shoulda just texted.
  You didn't have to come all the way down here.
  Well no um, as I was saying, I was in the area.
  So, I just wanted to pop in and see the look on your face  when you realized that you'd sent the text  to the wrong person.
 Ooh.
  (Fake squeal) (Laughs)  Um, hmm.
  Um, hey I'm sorry if I haven't been in touch  as much recently.
 Oh my god, please.
 Please.
  Uh no, I should get outta your hair.
  But it was good to see you, Mr.
 Bagel.
 (Laughs)  That's a you-and-Heather thing,  but now that you texted me,  it's kind of like an all-of-us thing.
  So, have a great afternoon today.
  (Door shuts)  Looking good, Roland!  What time do you wanna fire this baby up?  Uh, I dunno, probably about an hour before you wanna eat.
  Oh, well I was hoping to eat around 8.
  Where are we, Barcelona? (Laughs)  Uh, well then 7.
 Yeah, 7 sounds better.
  Honey, you ready to go? Yeah.
  Wait, wait, where are you going?  Oh, Jocelyn and I have another one of those  birthing rehearsals we gotta go to.
  I just bought $100 worth of sliders.
  Geez Johnny, thanks for rubbing it in  when you know I can't come.
 You can't come?  You didn't say you can't come!  You were bragging about being a grill master.
  He really is.
 Did you tell him about the aprons?  Yes he did! And I was counting on him  to do the grilling!  You know Johnny, maybe you should consider  calling off the barbecue.
  Well, I'm not calling it off!  I just have to figure this thing out.
  Right, cut to (Explosion sound).
  Well, we're not cutting to (Explosion sound).
  Cut to, I've ruined my sliders! (Laughs)  Cut to, how does this thing work? (Laughs)  See, this wasn't as hard as you thought it was.
  Mr.
 Rose, would you mind taking a few steps back?  Oh, what you're gonna spray the briquettes again?  Nope.
  You guys want me to jump in?  No, I think we've got it covered.
  Oh, you do, oh great, 'cause I'm gonna get another beer.
  Hmm? There ya go.
  All right.
  Well, finally.
 Back at the old grill.
  I'd say that one looks about perfect.
  I was gonna say the same thing.
  Specifically which one were you talking about?  Just this one, here.
 Oh yeah, that's the one.
  Okay, should I save him?  Oh they'll be fine.
  Let's just sit back and enjoy the sight  of our two strapping men bonding over an open flame.
  Johnny: This one looks good, is this one cooked?  Okay, so what else is new? How's the shop?  Hmm, thriving.
 Yes.
  Which is shocking because as you may or may not know,  I've struggled with group work in the past.
  David, you are living an exciting new chapter  in the book on tape of your life.
  And you, you did this all by yourself.
  Okay, just so you know,  that's not really a compliment,  but thank you.
  Oh my god, hey.
 Hi.
  Um, so I took your advice, which in retrospect is weird  considering we like literally just met.
  Fair enough.
 And?  Turns out that text message wasn't for me after all.
  Oh.
  His girlfriend was at a bakery,  hence the whole "I prefer bagels thing".
  Right.
 So that girlfriend detail  woulda been pretty useful in the conversation  we had earlier, but still, I'm sorry.
  Oh, I feel somewhat responsible.
  Yeah, I can see that.
  It's just weird because like,  I'm always the one being chased.
  I assumed that, based on your face, and body.
  Right?  At least you got your answer.
  You know what, Rach, part of me feels like  we were destined to meet today.
  Well, that would make you the one good thing  to come outta my day.
  Oh no.
 Yeah.
  To be honest, I came here to win someone back,  and it didn't happen.
  So, my big grand gesture ends here.
  Sleeping alone in some roadside motel.
  Listen, it's not over yet.
  Why don't you come with me to the barbecue  that my parents are throwing?  We can be each other's little little daties.
  I would love that.
  Thank you.
  That's it, watch your step.
 Yeah.
  Okay, right, here.
 Perfect.
  Perfect.
 There ya go, we make a good team, Pat.
  No, John, no, we're not doing Pat.
 No we're not.
  Okay, we're not waiting for Alexis, are we?  Because honestly, I could eat this tablecloth.
  Medium rare for David.
 Thank you.
  You know um, this wasn't actually the first time  that I've been put to work by the Rose family.
  My first job in high school was actually at a Rose Video.
  Get outta town! What branch?  785.
 785.
  Impressive late fees.
 Thank you.
  Can you pass the ketchup, please?  Okay, how did I not know that you worked at a Rose Video?  Well, let's hope that you continue  to surprise each other.
  It keeps the relationship titillating.
  Okay, please never say titillating  when referring to my relationship.
  Oh, can I though? No.
  Well, anyone with a glass, please raise them.
  To relationships  old and new.
  (Approaching footsteps thud)  Um, thanks for waiting.
  Alexis! Just in time!  Everybody, this is my new friend Rachel,  she's having a bit of a day.
  Patrick?  Rachel, what are you doing here?  What are you doing here? I've been texting you for 2 days.
  Wait, Patrick is your fianc?  Uh, I'm sorry you have a fiance?  No I I mean I don't now.
  But yes, at some point I mean we we were  Patrick, what's going on here?  Okay, um, I just think I might need a sec.
  (Sighs) David.
  I'm gonna talk to you in a minute,  we've got a lot to talk about.
  Who is she?  I glanced down at my plate for two seconds.
  (Sighs)  (Door opens and shuts)  David, I-I need to explain a couple of things.
  Um, what would be the main one, do you think?  Rachel and I were engaged,  but I called it off before I moved here.
  Okay, you know what, you don't need to explain yourself.
  I think I think that I do.
 No, I know you do,  that's just what I'm supposed to be saying in the moment,  so, please continue.
 Okay um,  we got together when we were in high school,  and we've been on and off ever since.
  I don't know we always just sorta fell back into it.
  Anyway, she's been reaching out  and expecting us to get back together  for the past few months.
 Whoa.
  Over the past few months?  And you didn't think to tell me about this?  You stood in front of me and told me to trust people.
  I know.
  When I was perfectly fine not trusting people.
  Not trusting people is what I'm used to.
  It is my comfort zone.
 But next thing I know,  there's an oversized cookie on my doorstep,  and you are telling me that I have nothing to worry about.
  I didn't want it to affect what we have.
 Okay?  And I mean it when I tell you  that you have nothing to worry about.
  'Cause no matter how hard I tried with her,  it just never felt right.
  And up until recently, I didn't understand why.
  David, I've spent most of my life  not knowing what right was supposed to feel like,  and then I met you.
  And everything changed.
  You make me feel right, David.
  That is quite possibly one of the most beautiful things  I've ever heard anyone say.
  Um outside of the "Downton Christmas Special".
  It's the truth.
 I know um  it's just that my truth is that I am damaged goods,  and this has really messed things up for me.
  And I think I need some time with it.
  All right.
  (Light receding footsteps)  Actually um,  I haven't had dinner yet, so  I'll grab ya a slider.
  More than one, um, and some potato salad,  and I think there were some other sides on the table,  but I couldn't see,  so maybe just a smattering of everything.
  Okay.
  (Emotional) Okay.
  (Door opens and closes)  Woman on TV: I talked to Tony yesterday,  he seemed very, very upset.
  Okay, how long do you think before I can go in there?  Well, I don't know, he had 6 sliders.
  I'm assuming he'll be falling asleep soon.
  My poor baby.
  I told him he was out of the quicksand,  but he's not, John, he's sinking.
  And there's nothing I can do about it.
  Okay, don't get me wrong, I feel super bad,  and partially responsible because I invited Rachel  to the barbecue, but at the same time,  he's been watching that show for 3 hours  and my phone's in there.
  Well, you might have to go one night  without your phone, Alexis.
 Ugh!  (Knocks) David! David!  Woman on TV: I know he will, but what's gone so wrong  between the two of you?  What's so wrong that it can't be patched up?  You don't mean Yes, it's true!       

                




                    			1 (Waking moans, sighs)  (Text messages chime)  Um, Alexis, do you mind telling your phone to fuck off?  (Text messages chime)  Ugh.
  What's bumpkin?  What? Nothing.
 Gimme that.
  Oh my god, is this a dating app?  It's an online social hub for rural singles,  if you must know, David.
 I signed Twyla up.
  Well, why does it say Alexis you have a new match?  Research.
 I was testing the water for her, David.
  Poor thing's clueless.
  Well, Miguel says hi.
  Why is he shirtless with an armful of puppies?  Oh my god, we matched?  His nipples are out.
  Ted can't know about this, David.
  Miguel's the only other vet in town,  and they have this like dumb rivalry.
  When has that ever stopped you?  I remember that summer you dated all 3 Hanson brothers.
  This is different.
  I no longer need backstage passes to the Teen Choice Awards.
  How did you even match with Miguel in the first place?  I swiped right, obviously.
  Like look at him, David.
  I didn't actually expect we'd match.
  You didn't expect to match.
 Okay, fine, I did,  but I just wanted to see what would happen.
  He's the only attractive person on here, David,  what did you want me to do?  Well, then go on a date with him.
  I can't.
 Fine, then don't.
  Okay, but I want to, David.
 Oh my god, Alexis,  I am suffering romantically right now,  and there was a minute when I thought  I would never have to look at another dating app,  and here you are shoving Bumpkins in my face.
  It's Bumpkin with a wink emoji.
  (David sighs)  (Text message chimes) He messaged me again.
  He actually sounds kind of chill, David.
  What did he say?  Sup? Okay.
   (Cart rumbles)  Ready when you are, Mr.
 Rose.
  Ready for what?  We have a 1:00 reservation for lunch at the caf.
  Oh Moira, I completely forgot about lunch.
  (Gasps) And I just gave Stevie the day off.
  How many days off is Stevie allowed to request?  Well, she'd worked 14 straight days, so  It's starting to remind me of Rose Video,  when your work consumed you, and I would miss you so.
  Except now I don't have the jet and the free DVD's to distract me.
  Well, I don't know what to say, Sweetheart,  I-I still have most of the rooms to clean.
  Would it be too much to ask the guests  to clean up after themselves?  Hm, yes, it would.
  It's basically the only service we provide.
  Very well.
 If lunch is canceled,  I suppose I'll show up on time for Jazzagals rehearsal.
  Isn't that something you should be doing anyway?  Oh, there's so much time wasted off top, John.
  Yap, yap, yap, do, re, mi.
  A lip buzzing 'til I'm blue in the face!  I promise I'll make it up to you, Sweetheart.
  Okay.
 As long as we're tabulating scores,  this will mark the 3rd time you stood me up this week, John.
  (Footsteps clank)  (Door opens)  Hmm.
  (Drapes rasp)  (Grunts)  Turn everything off, please.
  Why aren't you dressed? Because I'm not going.
  Because I'm too tired.
  You've been sleeping for two days.
  What's your point?  I'm finding it hard to believe  that you don't have the energy to go to a spa.
  I know, I'm scaring even me.
  Why are we going to a spa, again?  Because you're having boyfriend issues,  and this is my reluctant attempt at being supportive.
  Well, that's very thoughtful of you.
  I also have a Groupon,  which I was planning on using with Jake,  but I thought you might need it more,  so, get up before I change my mind.
  I can't.
 Get up.
  No!  Oh my god, David.
  Ah!  This is really pathetic.
  (Sighs)  What kinda spa is it, and will there be treatments?  You're a monster.
  Twyla: Miguel looks so strong holding all those puppies.
  Maybe I should get into online dating?  Oh, I'm not into online dating,  I'm just showing David how it works.
  So when are you seeing him? Oh wow, no,  I don't think that would actually be a good idea.
  In fact, I might have to cancel on him tonight.
  So you are seeing him?  Technically yes, but like, he and Ted have this thing.
  Oh, and Ted asked you not to see him.
  No, he doesn't know.
  Sorry, so what's the problem?  I mean, Ted's not going on a date with him.
  Yeah, I mean I guess there isn't really anything  standing in the way.
 So there you go.
  It's just that I used to date Ted,  and now I'm gonna be dating this guy,  and it's just gonna be weird,  and I don't wanna do anything to upset Ted.
  So then maybe don't go on a date with this guy?  It's just that there are like ten guys on here,  and three of them are Ray.
  Yeah.
  Fat spatula   Fat spatula   Fat spatula   Fat spatula   Fat spatula    Fat spat  Ah! John, what are you doing here?  Is it David?  Oh no, you can speak freely in front of the gals.
  No, no, David's fine.
 David's fine.
  A little depressed.
  Stevie had to force him into her car, but you know.
  Then, to what do we owe this off-book sojourn?  Well, I thought about what you said,  and I didn't wanna fall into old habits,  so I delegated the rest of the cleaning to Roland.
  Sweet gesture, but was that wise?  No offense, Jocelyn.
  I was gonna ask him the same thing.
  And that frees us up for a little date night,  uh, after you've finished rehearsing.
  Oh, where are you taking her?  The caf.
 Ah!  If that doesn't scream romance.
  There was a time when this dusky charmer  used to constantly whisk me off to ports unknown.
  Gals: (ohhs)  Actually Johnny,  Ronnie could always use another baritone,  why don't you join us?  Oh, no.
  No, I'm just here to show support.
 So, as you were.
  Oh, my husband, the portrait of self-effacement.
  You should all know that this man's voice  melted more than a few hearts.
  (Laughter)  Johnny, why don't you just come and join Ronnie?  Oh, no, no, no!  (Cheering)  No, no, I haven't used the old pipes in so long,  and I I wouldn't want to  impo-o-o-ose   (Cheering)  Somebody just nailed their audition.
  Oh, ha ha.
  I've got perfect pitch, so do not mess this up for me.
  I understand.
 Okay.
  (Door opens)  Oh wow.
 Is this some kind of sick joke?  Yeah, um, so Jake and I found out  that if you tell these resorts that it's your honeymoon,  they usually upgrade your room and stuff,  and give you free booze, but uh,  We've never had anything like this before.
  Oh.
 Lucky me.
  Sorry.
  Shoulda just told 'em the wedding's off.
  Mhmm.
 So, Jake and his little pony are goin' on dates  and having sexy honeymoon weekends?  No, only sometimes, when it's necessary.
  Hmm.
  So you're in love then.
 You're like falling in love with Jake.
  It's impossible to be in love with Jake,  only Jake is in love with Jake.
  He's just really good at celebrating my body.
  So, I'm keepin' him around.
  Have you heard from Patrick?  (Sighs) We're taking some time to regroup at the moment.
  Ooh.
 Feeling very raw right now, you know?  Um, it's just like a lot of emotional triggers.
  Like that?  So, thank you for saving me from myself  because one more day at that motel  and I think things would've gotten very dark.
  Hm.
 No problem.
 Just put this on.
  Okay I'm not playing into your fraudulent behaviour.
  You still want the free booze, right?  Gimme the ring.
  Can't believe I caught that.
  Do do do do I feel so far away   1, 2, 3, 4!  I feel so far away   When we're takin' it home takin' it home    Takin' it home!  (Deep) Yeah.
  (Cheering) Woo!  Not bad.
 Not bad.
 Oh thank you, Ronnie.
  Oh John, a near-perfect return to form.
  I thought it was really great.
  Ah, Mrs.
 Rose, I didn't know  there were two singers in the family.
  Well, professionally speaking there's still only one.
  But I do applaud the vigor  with which you embrace recreational activities  such as this, Mr.
 Rose.
  Well, anything to spend a little more time  with my special little songbird.
  Gals: (ahs)  Ooh, Okay ladies, if you don't mind,  I'm going to allow my husband to steal me away,  for a modest repast across the avenue.
  And I should get back for my shift.
  And we're still going for post-rehearsal mocktails, right ladies?  I dunno about anybody else, but I am drinkin'.
  So we're all headed in the same direction?  Jocelyn: It looks like it.
  I'll get out the fancy martini glasses.
 Fun!  Boy, we never did this back in the Rose Video days, did we?  No, but I'm sure we had our reasons.
  (Muffled music plays)  (Pool balls clatter)  (Low hum of chatter)  Alexis.
 Yes?  Miguel.
 Oh my gosh, hey.
  Hi.
  I didn't recognize you without your nipples.
  Huh? The puppies the um,  the cute little puppies that you love to photograph yourself with.
  Ha ha, yeah, yeah, I left them at home.
 The puppies.
  Brought the nipples.
 Oh good.
  Not about the nipples, um, about the puppies.
  Right.
 So anyway, how are you?  Uh good.
 Good, good.
  I'm just really glad we could make this work.
 Champagne?  Uh, they serve champagne here?  I believe it's called Zhampagne,  it's from the very famous Zhampagne region of France.
  Can't wait to try it.
 Mm-hmm.
  (Rock music plays)  Hmm.
 So, um, how long you been on the app?  Uh, oh I'm not.
 Well I am,  but I just downloaded it to show a friend.
  Well, worked out well for me.
  Someone's a smooth talker.
 (Laughs)  No.
 This is a relief.
  I um, I was actually thinking about not coming.
  What was holding you back?  Uh, I dunno, just like am I ready for this,  and I'm not even on the app, so like should I be using it?  Right.
  I just like making careful choices.
  Yeah, yeah.
 I'm just glad  that you you could come out tonight.
  Um, (Clears throat)  to careful choices.
  Yes.
 To that.
  (Glasses clink)  (Soft piano music plays)  (Low hum of patron chatter)  Okay, everybody.
  (Applause)  Hi.
 I'm Bobbie, and I am so excited to be your waitress.
  We just love honeymooners here at Crystal Elms.
  Please, right this way.
  Here you go.
  Wow.
  Oh my god.
 Thank you.
  Okay, and I will be right back with your menus.
 Okay.
    No.
 Absolutely not.
 Okay, and I completely understand.
  Um, I just worry that if we don't put the hats on,  that the other guests will inevitably force us to.
  Okay.
  So.
  So, turns out we are not the only ones celebrating  the bride and groom.
  This is from a Patrick.
  Says, "have fun, enjoy the night.
 Thinking about you.
"  Oh, wow, that is just very sweet.
  And I can assure you that a fun night is guaranteed  after a bottle of this.
 Right?  (Click tongue) Yeah, she gets it.
 Okay.
  Did our waitress just make a sex reference?  I mean, I don't think that's really surprising at this point.
  Um, so you obviously have spoken to Patrick  since he knows we're here.
  Okay um, we may have been texting.
  He's covering for me at work.
  And these, these are our complimentary lovebird wings.
  They are chicken, not actual lovebirds.
  Uh, and oh, the special tonight is a lover's curry.
  So, I will be back, and I will take your order.
 Okay so.
  Oh, wow.
  Oh, one more.
 Oh my god.
  Oh.
 (Laughs)  Sorry, you were saying?  Um, how did you get so good at this?  Hm, you learn pretty quickly  when you're in a Ugandan diamond smuggler's villa  playing for your friend's freedom.
  Right, right.
 Wait, what? That was fun.
  Yeah, I know.
 I know.
 I don't uh you know,  I don't get to date a lot.
 Busy schedule and  and whatnot, but there is just something about you, you know  (Laughs) I actually,  I changed my shirt 3 times for tonight and uh,  I'm sorry, I probably shouldn't be giving that all away.
  No, it's cute.
  And I was actually nervous, too.
  Well, you you look great.
  No, yeah, I know it wasn't that.
  Um, you're gonna think this is so random,  but it was actually about something else.
  Well, whatever it was,  I'm just glad that we could do this.
  I used to date Ted.
  I'm sorry? Ted Mullins?  He's the veterinarian.
 No, no, no,  I know who Ted is.
 Okay cool,  I just felt like we were being honest with each other.
  Wait, weren't you his receptionist?  Executive Assistant.
 And yes, but only for like a minute.
  But you guys were engaged?  Um, very briefly.
 Uh-huh.
  And just twice.
  And we've both moved on.
 He has a girlfriend now,  and apparently they're like very serious.
  Okay look, there is nobody who wants to see Ted fail  more than I do, professionally speaking.
  Personally, I feel like this is off limits.
  It just feels wrong.
  Okay, that is what I've been saying, to literally everyone.
  What, you've been telling people about this?  No.
 Some people.
 Just close friends.
  And that is the reason that I wasn't gonna come tonight.
  Yeah, but you came.
 Okay, bottom line,  we've both had a lot of Zhampagne,  so I just feel like we need to hydrate, and reflect.
  Wow.
  I mean, yeah, but  I don't think I can do this.
  Okay, just to be clear, I couldn't do this first.
  So I guess I am paying for the Zhampagne then?  (Laughter)  And so, he says to the cop, "Well, if it was mine,  I wouldn't've put it in my mouth.
"  (Laughter)  Oh, Veronica, once again,  you reign supreme as the queen of the triple entendres.
  I just have to say this.
  I know that we are the Jazzagals,  but it was pretty great to have a Jazza-guy in our midst today.
  Oh.
  Yeah, if you're around next week,  it wouldn't hurt to have the help.
  Not to dim the charge on this delightful conversation,  but John, why don't you and I go  and get the gals another drink? Okay.
  No, no, the next round is on us for our newest member.
  Lemonades for Moira and me  And two cosmos for the baritone section.
  Yes, please   (Laughing)  John, I wanna thank you  for what you did for me today.
  And I know it was done with the best of intentions.
  I'm getting the sense I did something wrong.
  Oh, not at all.
  In fact, you've enlightened me.
  I realize I take one thing for granted in this town.
  Oh, Moira.
 My time with the Jazzagals.
  Ah.
  As sad as it sounds,  these rehearsals have become a tiny oasis  in the echo-y canyon that I now call my social life.
  I don't know if you've noticed, John,  but this transition has not been the easiest for me.
  I can't say that I have not noticed.
  Aside from rehearsals, few things keep me going.
  My nightly sleeps, afternoon naps,  and of course meals with my husband.
  And there will be more of those.
  But John, I have so few pleasures,  that if I start combining them,  then I'll have even less to look forward to.
  I understand, Moira.
  So, would you like me to leave you to cocktails  with the gals, then?  Oh god, no, we'll leave together, please.
  There are only so many ways I can feign amusement  at Ronnie's comedia Del commode.
  So the lover's curry was a mistake.
  Yeah, it was.
  Uh, but we got through it,  and now we have a story we can only tell each other so  Patrick would find it funny.
  We will not be telling Patrick.
  Another secret for the pile.
  Okay, not to put any of the blame on you in this situation.
  Obviously Patrick should've told you he had a fiance,  but why didn't you ask him?  If he had a secret fiance?  Well, no, but did you guys not talk about your dating history?  I guess I just thought the deeper we got into his past,  the deeper we'd have to get into mine.
  And, historically speaking,  the more I revealed of myself,  the less interested people got.
  So.
  Okay, so I'm gonna go out on a limb  and say that you were probably surrounding yourself  with the wrong people,  and we both know that Patrick is not that kind of person.
  Also, I know everything about you,  about your history,  your family, and I'm still here.
  I think you're my best friend.
  You think?  Well, I can't know for sure,  because I'm realizing now that I don't think  I've ever really had one.
  Okay, well, if we're being honest,  I don't think I've ever had one, either.
  This would be a really sweet moment,  if what we had just admitted to each other wasn't so sad.
  Sadder? When you were in the bathroom,  I finished the rest of the lover's curry.
  Okay, you'll be sleeping in the bathtub tonight.
  I understand.
  Well, honey, I don't think you should let  one embarrassing encounter color your experience,  on Bumper.
 Bump-kin.
  So you upload your photo,  and the Bumpkin sends it to local singles.
  It's not called The Bumpkin.
  Okay.
 Oh, here's one.
  Isaac, 31, works on his family's farm.
  Certainly loves to take pictures of himself in waterfalls.
  Hmm.
  Though harvesting crops does produce  a nicely-sculpted physique.
  "Looking for a hook-up.
"  Well, that sounds promising, Alexis,  he's open for hooking up for dinner, or drinks.
  Uh-uh, that's not what that means.
  Okay, moving on to Jebediah.
 Okay, stop!  Comes from a large family.
 Oh, not my kids.
  That's a step in the right direction, Alexis.
  Scroll down, Moira.
 Okay.
 Oh my wives.
  All right, which way do you swipe to get rid of this one?  Okay, gimme my phone Oh, Alexis, look,  you've just Bumpkined with Jebediah.
  What? Ew! Oh, and now we're back to Ray.
  Ew!  How did Ray get such a beautiful bathroom?  Well      

                




                    			1 (Dot matrix printer whirs)  Johnny: And, there she is!  Hot off the presses!  Alexis Rose.
  Why is there a line through it?  Oh, toner must be low.
  This certificate reminds me of the one you were awarded  for getting your braces off.
  Now that was a grand day.
  Yes, except my orthodontist had a slightly better printer.
  I'm sorry, did David spend four months earning a degree?  Alexis, we're equally proud of you, dear.
  Let's see what this says, Alexis?  Elmdale College, Alexis Rose,  majoring in Marketing and (David gasps)  Looks like a bit of a typo.
  Pubic relations.
 What?  No.
 Oh my god, give me that!  No, honey, obviously it's a bit a of a misprint.
  Is it though, do you think? (Alexis grunts)  David, do not diminish your sister's accomplishments.
  She didn't do anything to your (starts laughing)  I wanted to frame this! Hmm.
  (Moira laughs) It looks good!  (David laughs) (Frustrated grunt)  (Moira laughs) Oh no   (Dog barks)  So you're wearing a leather sweater,  in the dead of summer.
  You look good.
 Thank you.
  You look ready.
  I am.
  You know what you're gonna say?  I'm gonna walk in,  and I am gonna tell him that I am,  ready to get back together.
  Well, that's what you said you were gonna say to him  two days ago, and yet, here we are.
  Okay, I just wanted to make sure that I was ready, ready.
  You know, for-for both of our sakes?  Mm hmm.
 That's a nice bracelet.
  Did you get that from Patrick? I might have.
  So you waiting a full week to forgive him  has nothing to do with the fact that he showered you  with gifts and attention every day.
  That is purely coincidental!  I was just working up the strength,  to be able to put our differences aside,  for the future of our relationship.
  Well, I know I lot of people who are gonna be very excited  that you guys have worked things out.
  Well, that is very touching.
  I'm glad that we have everyone's support.
  Yeah, I think it's that, uh,  and I think it's the fact that  you've been a smidge needy this past week?  Hmm.
 Maybe needy's the wrong word.
  Hmm.
 Clingy?  I see.
 Well I'm glad everyone's gonna be able  to sleep soundly tonight,  because I am going to do this.
  Good luck.
  (Sighs) Thank you.
  And I have missed him a lot.
  And I am very excited to not, not be with him anymore.
  I know.
  You sure you don't wanna wait another day, though?  I mean you never know what could show up on your doorstep.
  I don't like what you're insinuating.
  That said, if a package does arrive, please keep it safe.
  Hey, can I talk to you for a sec?  Oh, always.
 Just not now.
  Council is about to decide which bid  will be awarded the first-ever  district-wide Arts and Culture Grant.
  I know.
 Which is why I wanted to give you this.
  And what, pray tell, might this collection of words be?  As of today, feel free to refer to me as Alexis Rose,  Founder and CEO of Alexis Rose Communications.
  Alexis, that's wonderful!  This is my first business proposal.
  I'm throwing my hat in the ring for the Arts and Culture Grant.
  Wow! Now, don't get me wrong,  there is no High-Street beret  that I would rather have thrown in my ring,  but, I have a funny feeling  Council already has its favourite.
  Okay, well I wish I knew it was rigged  before I worked so hard on it.
  Oh, very well, Alexis, let's hear your elevator pitch.
  But bear in mind, I have to get off on the next floor.
  Okay, um, it's a singles night at the caf.
  And the goal is, um,  to get people from nearby communities together,  for like romance and nibblies.
  And hire some staff, and dating experts,  and make a whole night of it.
  Darling, I realize the pickings are slim  in this rural spanandry,  but you can't ask Council to misuse public funds  just so that you can find yourself a new boy toy.
  Excuse me, this has nothing to do with the fact  that I'm single.
  The singles market is very lucrative.
  Did you know, that there's a small town in Ireland  that hosts a singles week every year,  and it's become so popular,  that they're able to subsidize their entirely yearly budget,  just on profits?  It's a valiant first effort, Alexis, it is.
  But darling, do keep those wheels turning!  As the Irish like to say,  it's a cinch to mash the Murphy where there's love.
  (Door opens and closes)  Ugh!  Morning.
  Uh oh, looks like something showed up for you this morning.
  O-Kay? Who's it from?  Well, there might be a hint in the card.
  (Paper rustles)  Congratulations, Employee of the Month?  Since when has this been a thing?  Well, this is the second month.
  I won it last month, took myself out for lunch.
  I'm kidding.
 It's a little incentive for a job well done.
  Oh, I mean, wouldn't wanna be ungrateful.
  (Paper rustles)  Uh this seems like  some makeup?  It's like a briefcase full of makeup.
  Yeah, only the best.
  And you thought of this for me because?  Because you deserve it.
  I see.
  Well, I'm gonna save this for a special occasion.
  No, no, no, it's for everyday use.
  It's what the woman in the store told me.
  Thanks.
  Stevie?  Aren't you forgetting something?  Uh, I just  just don't know how to thank you.
  Oh, that smile on your face is all I need.
  (Jazz music plays)  (Door opens, bell jingles)  Hi.
  Hi.
  (Sighs)  So, after some time alone,  I just wanted to come here,  and tell you, that I  David, I need to apologize to you.
  I was going to sleep last night and I realized  I have not been respectful of your space.
  All of the texts, and the gifts.
  Uh, I was upset, and it was reactionary,  and I thought I was doing the right thing,  but really all I was doing was smothering you,  when you had asked for space, and that's not right.
  Okay, well smothering's a bit intense.
  It was self-serving, and it was desperate,  and, and I'm I'm embarrassed.
  Okay, there's no need to feel embarrassed.
  Well, I am.
 I've just been trying to deal with everything  here at the store, and I think you're right.
  It's probably better if we just focus on the business,  and, and not try to push anything.
  I'm not sure I said that.
  You didn't have to.
  In fact, by saying nothing at all,  you you spoke volumes.
  Okay, s so you would like to focus on the store, then?  I think that's probably a good idea.
  But hey, it's good to have you back.
  Oh.
 Hmm.
  Okay.
 Mm hmm.
  So uh  Roland: Well, I'm gonna go ahead and file  Ray's Ham and Clam Bake in the t'won't happen pile.
  Hmm.
 After a glud of unasinous ideas put forth today,  the room is suddenly bombilating with anticipation.
  Can we feel that?  It's almost as though we're building towards  some sort of inevitable climax.
  All right, well, we have one here  called Untitled Moira Rose Project.
  I'd like us all to close our eyes,  and picture 3 to 5 hundred acres  of carefully-manicured lawn.
  Accessorized with sculptures from some of the world's  most-significant cultural contributors.
  On your left, a whimsical gestalt by David Von Schlegell.
  On your right, a playful abstract by Isamu Noguchi.
  Dead ahead, your senses have just been affronted  by a Magdalena Abakanowicz.
  Now, imagine an even more splendacious art park,  in your very own backyard!  Council, I humbly present Rosewood.
  Uh  yeah, I gotta say,  you're not gonna find a bigger Noguchi-head than me,  but I think I speak for everyone here when I say,  good luck on getting your mitts on a Von Schlegell!  (Laughs)  (Coughs) Am I right, guys?  I think we need to be more realistic  about what we can pull off.
  And who's to say what we can pull off?  I recently heard of a small town in Scotland,  no bigger than a thimble,  that is making millions from a week-long singles fest.
  Now, if an idea as simple as that can work  for a people as infamously disorganized as the Scotch,  surely we can aspire to something of equal scale.
  Now there's an idea.
  Thank you! Ronnie's on board with Rosewood.
  No, I'm not! I like the singles fest.
  No, no, that was merely an example  of how Rosewood would similarly put us on the map.
  Moira, let's stuff Rosewood in a drawer for right now.
  I like this singles idea.
  No.
 Single people is what this town needs!  Loose wallets, loose inhibitions,  everything's just really loose.
  I vote for singles week.
  All in favour of singles week?  Aye!  Okay.
 (Bangs gavel)  (Dot matrix printer whirs) (Door opens)  (Slams)  By all means, feel free to use the printer  whenever you like.
 Thank you.
  Just um, receipt for business cards that I ordered.
  Hmm.
  And a few pages of temporary letterhead.
  And um, a list of Buzzfeed's most motivational quotes  for girl bosses under 30.
  I'm gonna do something uncharacteristic,  and ask your advice.
  Is there something off about the way that I look?  Did someone mention the posture thing?  What? What is the utility shirts?  No.
  No, okay, um, well you should probably just go ahead  and tell me what you meant then.
  Yeah.
  Um, so your Dad got me a suitcase of makeup.
  No, no.
  Hmm.
  And he suggested that I wear it every day.
  So, I'm having a really hard time  not taking that personally.
  Here's the thing you should know about my Dad,  sweetest little guy, gives the worst gifts.
  Okay, well that makes me feel a little better.
  Like he built David a basketball court  for his Bar Mitzvah.
  Oh boy, okay.
 Mm hmm.
  And unfortunately, the only way to like, train it out of him,  is to show him just how wrong the gift is.
  Like, David forced us to watch him shoot at a basket  for 10 minutes, until the ball hit the rim,  and then bounced back in his face.
  But it actually worked out perfectly,  because all David really wanted for his Bar Mitzvah,  was a nose job.
  They took the court down the next day.
  Huh.
  Oh, and also, he gave me a diamond tennis bracelet  for my Sweet 16.
  That's bad.
 I know.
  (Jazz music plays)  (David sighs)  You know what, I'm probably good to finish this up,  Okay.
  if you wanna go for lunch.
  What? I don't know, you tell me.
  I just did.
 I'm happy to finish doing the creams,  I I don't think it's a two-person job.
  Okay, so you're just gonna stay here  and not have lunch then, or are we going in shifts?  I don't know, David,  I'm just trying to be professional here, okay?  Think this is gonna take a minute to get used to.
  I don't want to get used to this!  I don't wanna pretend like we're co-workers.
  We are co-workers.
  Okay, I just liked it better when we were more than that.
  David, I'm just trying to go off of what you wanted.
  You wouldn't let me finish telling you what I wanted!  I was ready to get back together days ago!  What? Yes.
  Then why didn't we?  I've never been in this situation before.
  Where someone's been so nice to me.
  And generous.
  I'm sorry, were you holding back on talking to me  because you were getting gifts?  I was very upset, and confused.
  So upset, that I barely finished the chocolates.
  David, this wasn't meant to be some  Advent calendar of apologies,  it was like an olive branch to get you to talk to me.
  I just, I guess, didn't know,  how many olive branches you were planning on extending.
  Ideally, one! Okay, well now I know.
  Yeah, and now I know, that while I was torturing myself,  you were sitting at home, just opening gifts.
  I see you like the bracelet.
 Love the bracelet, thank you.
  Um, does this mean that we are back ?  You know what, I feel like now  maybe I deserve an olive branch, or two?  Okay, I understand that.
  What if I gave you back some of the olive branches  that you gave to me?  I was lying about the chocolates, I ate them all.
  But I'm sure there are some flowers that are still alive.
  You know what I'm gonna do? Mmhmm?  I'm gonna go to lunch, and you're gonna sit here,  and think about what you've done.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  (Receding footsteps thud)  Um, while you're at lunch, can you get me some lunch?  Unbelievable.
 (Door closes)    Johnny: Stevie? (Door closes)  Where's my Employee of the Month?  What's up?  Wow! Look at you!  Yeah, used some of that makeup you gave me.
  Oh, is that what it is? Mmhmm.
  Ah, I thought it was the shoes.
  You know, something about this feels really right.
  Hmm.
  I can't believe that I didn't think to buy  all this for myself!  So, I'm happy to man the desk for you this afternoon,  if you've got stuff to do.
  Oh, no, no, I I can keep working here.
  No, Mr.
 Rose, I insist.
  I feel like I'm long overdue for some quality,  like, face time with the guests.
  Oh, okay, well if that's what you feel.
  You know what the great thing about this is?  Right after work, I can do go a quick shift  over at Bazonga's Gentleman's Lounge.
  All right, I'm getting the hint.
  Hint? What hint?  Look, Stevie, I'm not necessarily known  for my gift-giving skills,  but Arlene down at the store said  this is what all the young locals are buying, and I  No, I really appreciate the gift,  but let's just agree that going forward,  we don't need gifts to express our mutual appreciation.
  Understood.
  Well, if you don't mind, I'm gonna step outside.
  I'm getting flashbacks of David attempting a 3-pointer.
  Ooh.
 (Door opens)  Moira: Alexis?  Oh, there you are! (gasps)  What a delightful little home office  you've created for yourself.
  Thank you.
  Succulents, and all!  You might be interested to know  that Council has made a decision.
  So they chose your idea, then?  I wouldn't let them have it.
  Not until they accepted my demand,  which was to employ the services of the CEO  and Founder of Alexis Rose whatever you called it-  as part of my advisory team.
  What? Hmm.
  Really?  Okay, I'm shocked.
 Thank you!  No, Alexis, thank you!  Okay, so what's the project?  Hmm, well we landed on a one-of-a-kind  event to celebrate and congregate  those who happen to be unattached, uh,  in the hopes of facilitating interpersonal connections.
  Sorry, so like, a singles event, then?  That word is now considered derogatory.
  I believe they prefer to be called independents.
  So you stole my idea, took it to Council,  and claimed it as your own?  Alexis, now is not the time for pettifogging!  Ugh!  Singles Week just happened to be the idea  that received a lot of traction.
  Singles Week?  I was pitching a Singles Night.
  No.
 No, no, no,  you specifically referenced a small shire in Scotland  Ireland!   that had a very lucrative week-long singles event.
  No, that is where I got the idea for singles night.
  I was proposing like, a matchmaking event at the caf.
  Well then, I took your little germ of an idea,  and I fertilized it to fruition.
  Okay, okay, I literally started my company today.
  Do you know how much work this is gonna be?  Okay, we will be Co-Chairs,  and I will be charging Council my full fee.
  Starting to get keyed up about this prospect  of a mother-daughter power team.
  Modern day Judy and Lorna.
  I don't know who that is.
  Oh my god.
  (Crickets chirping)  (Lock clicks)  Okay, David, well I'm gonna go to dinner,  and if you wanted to join me, and pay for it,  that could be a start.
  Yeah, maybe I could do that.
  Uh, I just think I have something to do first, so  What is this?  Consider this my olive branch.
  (Tina Turner's "Simply the Best" plays)    I call you when I need you, my heart's on fire     You come to me, come to me wild and wired     Oh, you come to me  Give me everything I need     Give me a life time of promises   And a world of dreams     You speak the language of love   Like you know what it means     Mm, and it can't be wrong   Take my heart and make it strong, baby   You know people can see you, right?  You're simply the best     Better than all the rest     Better than anyone   Anyone I ever met   Ooh I'm stuck on your heart     I hang on every word you say     Oh, tear us apart, no, no, no   Baby, I would rather be dead   Each time you leave me I start losing control   You're walking away with my heart and my soul   I can feel you even when I'm alone   Oh, baby, don't let go         

                




                    			1 (Birds chirp)  (Jazz music plays)    (Door opens, bell jingles)  Hi, Jocelyn.
  (Jazz music plays)  Is everything okay?  Yeah.
 Why? Um, I love your pajama set.
  Thank you.
  It's been a hectic morning, David, I'm not gonna lie.
  Well, I lit a patchouli candle,  so hopefully it'll calm your chi.
  Yeah, well, I didn't get much sleep last night.
  Somebody decided to do  a synchronized swimming routine at 2am.
  Oh no.
 Yeah, so long night.
  And then followed by the news that my sister  can't drive into town to host my baby shower!  Oh.
  Something to do with her husband's heart.
  Oh, well, hope it clears itself up.
  Yeah, well, it won't.
 That's the problem.
  Well, you never know.
 Well, I do.
  Which is why I ask you to then point this pregnant lady  towards your party-theme section,  because it seems as though I am throwing my own baby shower!  Sounds very dark.
  Um, we actually don't have a party section, so  Just a streamer, David, just Okay, yeah.
  There's a basket on the other side, I think.
 Down below.
  Hmm.
  It's times like this I wish I had your eye for decorating  and party planning.
  Roland's been trying to help me,  offered off his movie posters, you know,  but I just don't think that "The Pelican Brief"  is festive enough for a baby shower.
  Well, I'd have to agree.
  Yeah, well, if only there was someone like you  who could help me organize this.
  Very kind of you to say.
  Yeah, I mean, somebody like you, or you.
  Who would just help me organize this,  before I snap!  Well, I'm sure I could help you out.
  David! Oh my goodness!  Are you sure?  I don't want you to feel like you have to do this.
  Are you sure about that? (Jocelyn laughs)  Well, it is tonight,  so I suppose you better uh, get to work! (Giggles)  Tonight? Yes.
  Okay, will the store be promoted, at least,  at this event? Absolutely!  And what is the venue? My house!  And are we married to that venue?  Yes! Okay.
  Thank you, David.
 (Door closes)  What just happened?   Okay, so I was thinking as incentive for our singles,  we could do like, a lonely heart's special.
  So 50% discount for those singles dining alone.
  Okay um,  but wouldn't it make more sense to offer a discount  for people not dining alone?  But it's Singles Week though, is the thing.
  Right.
 Um,  but if the point of Singles Week is to get matched up,  then why not offer a discount for singles who eat together?  Okay, I have a better idea.
  A 2-for-1 discount for 2 singles eating together.
  That's it, that's the winner.
  Yay!  Oh my god, Alexis?  Oh my god, Klaire!  Oh my guys, I know this girl! Babe! Hi!  Oh my god, what are you doing here?  Oh.
 Okay, so  me, Albany, Jitney, and Candy,  we just needed to get away from the city for a bit,  and so Vice put out this guide to the most random cities  in North America, and we were like, lets him 'em.
  Oh my god, that sounds so random.
  Oh my god.
  This is where you live, isn't it? (Gasps)  I'm so sorry I didn't put that together,  it's like I completely forgot about you.
  Oh my god, no, babe, please, it's like  it's so good to see you.
 I know.
  So like, it was two weeks straight of work at the agency,  so we just got in the car, and we drove.
  You know how it gets, it's like uh-uh-uh.
  Can I get you something? Stop.
  Oh my god, I'm obsessed with your look.
  You look just like a small-town waitress! Beep!  Thanks.
 Actually you know what (Clears throat)  I would love like a hot water,  but if you could just let it sit so it cools,  I just need to know that it was once hot.
  Sorry, I'm the worst.
 (Chuckles)  Thank you.
  Like nothing's really changed, am I right?  Yeah.
 Ugh, okay, babe, sit down.
  Tell me about you.
 Like, what have you even been doing?  Oh my god.
 Oh my god!  Like, so much.
  Okay, love that, girl.
 Tell me.
 Tell me everything.
  Um, okay, so I graduated high school.
  Uh huh.
 Got my certificate.
  Um, I opened my own PR firm,  and I'm actually organizing this little event, so  Okay.
 We really have to get you outta here.
  What?  You know what, you need to join us tonight.
  We're gonna go to some random bar, for some random drinks.
  Hmm.
 Hundred percent.
  No but like, actually come though, okay? I'm serious.
  I could use a distraction.
  Albany literally makes me wanna kill myself.
  Anyway, I should go.
 (Alexis chuckles)  Please tell me I'm gonna see you tonight.
  Okay, here is your not-so-hot water.
  Sweetie, no, I didn't order that.
  See you tonight, babe.
 Hm.
  See you tonight, babe.
 See you tonight, babe.
  Hm.
 Hm.
  Albany, I was sitting there!    Well, it's good of you to come with me, John.
  Well, not a problem, Sweetheart.
  Stevie was thrilled to be left looking  after the motel with Roland.
  Of course your accompanying me today  would have nothing to do with any concerns you may have,  about me being left alone in a room  teeming with eligible bachelors?  I have no concerns about you, Moira,  you can handle yourself.
  But if you ever unleash your feminine wiles  on those bachelors, they wouldn't know what hit them.
  Hmm.
  (Footsteps thud) Hi.
  Thanks for coming.
 I'm Ricki.
  Johnny, and this is Moira.
  I'm the lead intimacy facilitator here at MADLY,  and I am so thrilled that you would choose me  as a consultant for your Singles Week.
  As are we, Ricki.
  I'm sure you don't get a great many auditors here,  at the group but, we would just love a little hand-held tour  to see what it is you do.
  Can I ask what MADLY stands for?  Mature Adults Dating Lovers, Yes!  We pride ourselves on our ability to  stimulate soulful exchanges  between all of our singles.
  And, I'm confident that we're going to be able  to find superlative matches for both of you.
  Oh dear.
 Oh!  Bit of a misunderstanding, here.
  We're-we're looking to observe your event, for research.
  Well, we could peek in on the experience like group voyeurs,  but it would be much more educational for both of you  if you would let me immerse you in it.
  And what would this immersion process entail?  Today's activity is called "A Lock and Key".
  Our ladies get the keys.
  Our men get the locks.
  And then we spend an hour mingling,  trying to find that perfect fit.
  Well, lucky for us, this lock has already found its key.
  You'd be surprised.
  Would I?  John?  Could be fun.
  And I know who I'll be leaving with.
  All right, let's give it a try!  Wonderful.
  I just have to ask, before the event,  will you grant me access to your most intimate sounds?  No.
  But we'll play the game.
  David: Okay, and could that be delivered by tonight?  Okay, perfect.
 All right, thank you very much.
  Hi.
 What's goin' on?  Well, um, Jocelyn came in here this morning  looking like Adam Sandler on a red carpet.
  Poor thing is planning her own baby shower,  so I volunteered to help.
  Wow.
 That's very generous of you.
  Yeah, I thought it could be a good opportunity  to promote the store.
  So, Heather's supplying some of her cheeses, not at cost,  but she's giving us a deal,  and I thought we could bring some wine from the store,  and Colleen's express-shipping a branzino, so.
  Sounding a bit expensive, David.
  Well, we haven't talked budget yet,  but I'm assuming that Jocelyn's wanting to spend some money  on her baby shower.
  I'm assuming that Jocelyn's planning on spending no money  on her baby shower.
 Whadda ya mean?  Well, typically the person who throws the shower,  pays for the shower.
  Well, that wasn't part of the agreement.
  Well, what did you say to her?  I told her I'd take care of it.
 Ah!  She basically forced me into it!  This isn't even her first baby!  Oh, so it's more of a sprinkle, then.
  What the hell is a sprinkle?  No, it's like a shower, but for your second kid.
  It's not a full shower, it's like a sprinkle.
  That is the stupidest (bleep) thing I have ever heard.
  Uh, also booze and fish, not ideal for a pregnant woman.
  Yeah, well, she's one person,  and everyone knows you don't plan a whole party  around one person.
  Maybe you do, if the party is for her.
  Says who?  Fine! Worst case scenario,  she grazes at the soft cheese station.
  Are you sure that she can eat that?  This is why I hate babies!    (Camera shutter snaps)  (Footsteps crunch)  Klaire!  Oh my god, Lex!  Are you like, stalking me, or something?  Um, actually I, um Oh my god, I'm kidding.
  But seriously, like what are you doing here?  Um, I'm just like crashing here.
  Oh.
 Temporarily, obviously.
  Are um, are you guys staying here?  (Laughs) Oh my god! Funny.
 No.
 No.
  We have Airstreams up the road,  but we saw this sign,  and we thought it was so random.
  Yeah.
  Oh my god! I almost totally forgot!  I have a job for you.
  Are you serious? Yeah.
  I just like, I can't talk about it around Albany,  because she needs to get fired first, so   basically the job is yours, if you want it.
  It's a junior PR position,  but you could totally climb the ladder.
  Look, take your time, just let me know by tomorrow.
  By tomorrow?  Hm, yeah, we're gonna get a super early start,  so make sure you find me before 2 pm.
  Oh wow, okay.
 It's just like, all happening so fast,  'cause I'd have to like, pack, and find a place to stay.
  Oh my god, don't even worry about that.
  You can totally stay at my dad's place.
  He hasn't lived there for like 15 years.
  I think he started a new family, or something.
  Oh.
 So it would be you,  and my dad's ex-wife.
 But don't worry about her,  she's two years younger than  us, and like super chill.
 Okay.
  Anyway, I'm gonna call it on this Instasesh,  but I'll let you know what bar we hit up tonight.
  Okay, actually, there's only one.
  Oh, well that's great,  because I feel like all I do every night is just argue  with Albany about where to go.
  Like the poor thing doesn't understand that like,  literally, no one even wanted her here in the first place.
  Ooh.
 I can't wait to fire her.
  (Laughs) I'm her best friend.
  Okay, here's my card.
 Yes.
  Let me know about the job.
  Okay, yes.
 That sounds like chillin'.
  I will definitely uh, let you know! Okay.
  Hey, pack your bags, bitch! You're getting' out!  (Low hum of chatter, music plays)  It's funny, because before my dear Gloria passed,  she told me her dying wish was for me to move on.
  Ah, did she?  I know you're gonna find this hard to believe,  but she predicted that I would meet a woman  with shoulder-length blonde hair, and red lipstick.
  Telepathic, was she? And tremendously specific!  If I may leave you with a bit of advice,  I would wait until much later in the relationship  before mentioning any of the things  you just mentioned to me.
 Okay?  Uh, wait, you haven't even tried your key.
  Uh, it won't fit.
  Johnny: Now, ask me when the last time the motel sold out,  before I showed up?  Never! Zero! Didn't happen.
 (Woman chuckles)  Must take a special touch.
  Well, call it what you will, Charlene.
  Maybe I'll spend the night sometime.
  At the motel, I mean.
 (Laughs)  Oh, oh, oh.
  (Moira laughs) Moira!  You should really keep looking for your perfect match.
  For research.
 Or love.
  (Charlene laughs)  (Gulping) Mhmm.
  Radio Announcer: Tomorrow, more sunshine   Jocelyn: Welcome, boys!  I can't thank you enough for jumping in like this!  Oh, it's our pleasure.
  Okay, um, so what's going on here?  I thought I would what I could  to get a jumpstart on the decorations.
  Here's the thing, Jocelyn,  when you asked me to throw this event,  you were essentially handing over creative control.
  Considering our name is gonna be all over this,  I think it's important to streamline the aesthetic  direction we're taking for tonight.
  Okay, well I guess I could move some of the balloons?  That could be good.
 Yeah, we could move those.
  Maybe to the garbage?  We're also gonna need to drop-cloth the interiors.
  Roland: Okay, guys!  Where do you want me to hang the pinata?  I'm sorry, is that supposed to be a baby?  Yeah, it's pretty realistic, isn't it?  I got it at the dollar store in Elmdale.
  I didn't even have to pay for it, honey.
  They just gave it to me.
  Yeah, don't think we can smash a baby  with a stick tonight, but It's not a real baby, Dave.
  The fact that you got it from the dollar store  does make me wary of what's gonna fall out of it, though?  Don't worry, Rolly,  we're still gonna play the diaper game.
  Ah, good!  Hi! What's the diaper game?  Oh my gosh, it is so fun!  We played it at Mutt's baby shower!  Basically, you melt different chocolate bars  into different diapers,  and then people take turns guessing  Gonna stop you right there.
  I will literally do anything for us to not play that game.
  Well, I'm getting nervous, because we're gonna need  some sort of entertainment, David.
  Well then, I will come up with some games  that don't involve sniffing a diaper.
  You don't just sniff it.
 No.
 You don't.
  Oh my god.
  Hey, Jocelyn, why don't you, why don't you get ready,  get changed, and we'll take good care of the place.
  I am ready.
  And you look great, so, do you wanna have a seat?  Relax? Mm hmm.
  Okay, is this vase movable?  Uh, no, that there is grandpa's ashes, and no,  you cannot move it, it's bolted down.
  There's been a lot of urn thefts lately.
  I'll tell ya what, I will get my ratchet,  and see what I can do for ya, okay? You hold baby.
  All right.
 Go ahead.
 (Laughs)  Was this a mistake?  Oh, probably, but you know, we're here now, you know.
  Yup.
  Where do I put this (bleep) thing?  (Truck engine roars)  (Lock clicks)  No? (Small laugh)  Hello.
  And just when I thought I'd tried every lock.
  You are? Rene.
  I work in ad sales and can drive at night.
  Ah.
  I know that sounds like an odd thing to mention,  but it does separate me from the crowd.
  Pardonnez-moi, senor Rene.
  Okay, Moira, let's go.
  Charlene's getting a little tipsy,  and things are starting to turn.
  Hm, well I just have one more lock to try, John, so  Rene, I'll be gentle.
  Oh, look at that!  It seems to be jammed.
 Can you, Rene?  Sure.
  Okay, Moira, I think we're done here.
  Have we finally found our match?  Yes, we have, but here, locks sadly are defective.
  You're um getting a bit of neck burn.
  Oh.
  Well, I didn't have any problem with mine.
  Often times in these situations,  I ask a participant to go within,  and to reflect why she might be having trouble connecting.
  Connecting is my livelihood.
  No, it's these discount locks.
  I've tried every other one.
  Ooh!  You know what, John? You're right, we should go.
  Jocelyn has that bebe thing.
  Rene, pleasure as always.
  You know, I have to say,  I had a lot of apprehension when I came here.
  Let's not dally, dear.
 What's that? Here you go.
  Rene, Shirley needs a ride home.
  Can you still drive at night?  Sure.
  (Crickets chirping)   (Card thuds lightly)  Hey, I'm heading out!  (Footsteps thud)  (Door opens)  (Crickets chirping)  (Car whooshes by in distance)  Hmm.
  (Footsteps thud)  (Door opens)  (Envelope rustles)  (Train whistles in distance)  (Crickets chirping)  (Small laugh)  (Music and party chatter)  Okay, now this game is called sleepy mommy.
  Jocelyn's sitting on the couch, she's our sleepy mommy.
  Now mommy's had a very hard day with baby,  and needs a bit of a break.
  And that's where we come in.
  We're each gonna take turns  popping pills into mommy's mouth.
  Now unfortunately, these are breath mints,  we couldn't afford actual benzo's,  but the person that does get the most tranqs  into mommy's mouth, will walk away  with whatever's left of the soft cheese station.
  (Crowd gasps)  Johnny: I'll go! Okay.
  Boy, these have a bit more weight to them  than the usual pills.
  Well, you know, Johnny, that weight might actually work  in your favour if you take into consideration  the humidity in here.
  Wow, well, thank you, Roland.
  Okay, just relax.
 There.
  Oh! All: Oh!  David, why does this game feel vaguely familiar?  You invented it.
  We played it a lot growing up.
  Oh!  I can't remember playing.
  That's because we got very good at it.
  I remember Alexis got on in from across the room once.
  All: Oh!  I've gotta hand it to ya, David,  it's a little unconventional,  but people seem to be gettin' really into this.
  Roland: Hey, Dave?  Do I get an extra point if I can bounce one of her forehead?  Yeah, we need some clarity on the point system, David,  because I've landed three in Jocelyn's bangs,  and that's gotta count for something.
  Or nothing.
 Ugh.
  Okay.
 That's not fair.
 Okay.
 On three,  try this together, (German accent) 1, 2, 3.
  All: Oh! Yeah!  (Car rumbles)  (Rock music plays)  So like, she's telling me that she's going to Mexico,  and I'm like, if you're not going to Tulum,  then like where the hell are you even going?  You know what I'm saying? So where is she going?  Ugh, god.
 Cabo.
 Oh my god, poor thing.
  I know, right?  Like, what does she wanna go smoke a blunt with Pitbull?  Ugh, probably not.
 (Girls chuckle)  Um, anyway, can I talk to you for a sec, Klaire?  Oh yeah, sure.
  Wassup?  Okay, so I've been thinking about it.
 Hmm.
  And as much as I appreciate the offer,   um, I think for the next little while,  I should just stay here.
  I'm sorry, reset.
 What are we talking about?  Um, the job that you offered at your dad's friend's company?  The junior publicist? Oh.
  I just don't think that I can leave here yet.
  Oh, yeah, sure, you do your bit.
 I'm always here for you.
  Sorry, I was like, what are we even talking about.
  So like, Albany just put down her dad's black card,  so shots on him.
 It's the least that she can do  because she didn't come through with the party favors.
  Breaking news, we still (bleep) hate her.
  Anyway, do you want a shot or not?  It's Albany's birthday.
  Um, I don't think that I can.
  I have this other thing that I need to go to.
  Okay, yeah, cool.
 Hey, well text me later.
 All right?  We can totally ditch this thing  and we don't have to tell Albany, if that's what's holding you back?  Will do.
 Okay.
  Oh and Lex, it was so good to see you.
  Really, it's been too long.
 We can't let this happen again.
  It won't.
  Why do you guys have drinks, and I don't? Hmm?      

                




                    			(Birds chirping)  (Johnny sighs) David,  Stevie is just now opening the Rose Apothecary products  we ordered for the motel.
  Okay, good, you're welcome.
  Well, it would be good if the order had arrived  when it was supposed to arrive, last week.
  All right, so it got held up.
  What possible difference could one week make?  We made sure to order those products  in time for the rollout.
 What rollout?  The Rosebud Motel rollout.
  New name, new branding, flowers in all the rooms.
  New custom towels, all part of the rollout.
  Um, who taught you rollout? May have been me.
 Sorry.
  You know, other than your little blunder,  it would've been a flawless rollout.
  Okay, you really need to stop saying rollout.
  David, delivery dates are important,  when it comes to client loyalty.
  Okay, do I need to remind you that  I'm the one doing you the favour?  Accessorizing motel bathrooms  is not what I would call on-brand for the store.
  So, if you would like to pull the account,  you can pull the account.
  Well I can't pull the account,  because it's part of the rollout.
  So, I may be looking elsewhere  when it comes time for the pop-out store.
  Okay.
 He meant pop-up store, right?  Honestly, David, it took him like 2 weeks  to learn rollout, so (Zipper rasps)   It's just that we don't want people adopting sad dogs.
  You know, like singles are sad enough,  so we want the puppies to be happy,  and fun, and flirty.
  Yeah, I got that note in your email,  uh, but, as you know, these are rescue dogs so  it's kinda hard to guarantee fun.
  (Alexis gasps) She's a little cutie!  That's actually a he,  and I think he might already be spoken for?  But the event's like a week away.
  I know, I just, I happened to show  some of these little rascals to Heather,  and, and she saw this guy, and wanted to adopt him.
  So, we're just kind of in the process of making that happen,  (Alexis clears throat) for her.
  Hmm.
 Wow, love that for her.
 Moira: Alexis?  Oh, Theodore, back for another meeting of the animals, I see.
  Hello, Mrs.
 Rose.
  You know you two are lovely little freaks.
  In this digital day of discontented disconnection,  you two still manage to do things face-to-face,  like people from before your time.
  Hmm.
 We were just finishing up.
  Oh, I'll-I'll just see you at the volunteers' meeting, then?  Um, you know what, you don't have to come to that.
  But, thank you for all of your help with this.
  Okay, uh, okay sure.
  Well, let me know if you need anything else.
  You got my number, obviously.
 Yes, I do, thank you.
  Bye, Mrs.
 Rose.
 Bye.
  See you again soon, I'm sure.
  (Door opens and shuts)  Safe to say our animal-loving singles will be well placated.
  Can I help you with something?  Yes! Yes.
  That nudnick at the curling rink just informed me  that they'll no longer be able to accommodate  our Lover's Messy Sloppy Joe Eat-a-Thon.
  I'm afraid you have to secure us another venue.
  Okay, well, can't you do it?  N alas! Your co-chair will be busy getting herself out  of jury duty today.
  Okay, then I will just add that to the immense list  of things that I have to do this morning.
  Alexis, you know me, I'm not one to overstep,  But, perhaps you might be able to strike  a few more to-do's off that list  if you and Ted spend a little less time  fussing over this canine auction.
  It's a puppy adoption, and we're done.
  Planning.
 So, thank you.
  (Squeals)  (Door opens) Hey.
  Wow! Looking very nice, Stevie.
  Yeah, thanks, except I think I have to go home now.
  Really? What's going on?  Uh, nothing to be concerned about, just this.
  Oh my god! What happened?  I don't know it's like an allergic reaction or something.
  Did we change our laundry detergent?  No, what have you been doing differently?  Nothing, just rolling things out, like you asked me to.
  Could be, could be an insect bite.
  It's all the way up my arms.
  Well, Stevie, stop! What are you doing?  Uh I know it's for the guests,  but it's like really good stuff, and this is extra.
  How long have you been using that?  This morning.
  Before or after your arm started itching?  After, definitely after.
  Oh, okay.
  I mean, I might've tried a little bit  when I was unpacking the box, but  my skin gets real dry in here.
 It's the lotion.
  What?  David's lotion is giving you the rash!  No, I don't think it's the lotion.
  And you know what? I'm not surprised!  Because he gets a lot of this stuff from farms,  and who knows where,  and you don't know what's in these natural products!  Stevie, why do you keep doing that?  I don't know, okay! It might be causing the rash,  but it's also the only thing that's making it feel better.
  Okay, well we have to now go and see David.
  No, I think it's a better idea that I just go home.
  After we handle this!  This is the last thing we need in the middle of a rollout!  (Car rumbles)  Okay, if I could just get everyone to be,  like, quiet for a minute?  (Low hum of chatter) C-help.
 Okay.
  (Low hum of chatter)  Hey! Hey.
  Um, welcome to the first official volunteer meeting.
  I, of course, am your co-chair, Alexis Rose.
  Um, I think this is gonna be a very fun week.
  (Applause)  But, as of right now, it's less than ideal.
  Um, I don't wanna add to anyone's stress,  but we just lost the curling club.
  (Crowd) Oh Bottom line, we need a new venue,  so if everyone can just like, ask around? Please.
  Mutt: I might have a place.
  (Low hum of chatter)  Oh my god!  Okay, um, everyone take a Hot 5.
  And oh, for those of you asking about the t-shirts, yes,  they are supposed to be tight.
  This is Singles Week, everyone is fair game.
  Okay?  Hi! Hi.
  What are you doing back?  Oh well, I uh, I don't know if you heard,  but I'm gonna have a little brother soon,  so yeah, I couldn't miss that.
 Um, yes, congratulations.
  And, are you serious about having a venue for me?  Because that would be amazing.
  Happy to loan out the barn,  if it can be cleaned up in time.
 What happened?  Oh, I asked a friend of mine to keep an eye on it  while I was away, and musta slipped her mind.
  It didn't slip my mind, I just like, didn't go.
  Is it bad?  Yeah, a nice little home for a family of raccoons.
  I had to evict them, though, and they didn't go quietly.
  Okay.
 You are literally saving my life right now.
  I feel like I should help you clean,  or like, water the plants, or something.
  I won't turn down the help,  but you don't have to worry about the plants,  they are very, very dead.
  Mutt, you're making me feel partially responsible.
  (Footsteps thud)  Moira Rose.
  Moira! Moira!  Jocelyn,  I see you've been lassoed into the judicial process as well.
  Finally!  I'm surprised to see you here, though.
  I know, right?  You've served so many times already!  I mean you had to miss the Jazzagals Luau Luncheon  because of that hung jury, and then before that,  you and Johnny got caught in that criminal trial  and couldn't make it to the Seafood Potluck.
  Mmhmm.
 What can I say?  I'm a stand-out in the jury box.
  But shame on them for summoning a woman in your condition.
  Oh no, I've been waiting for this moment.
  Apparently, if they call your number,  you get to stand in front of a judge!  I feel like I'm on "The Voice"!  Ooh, as seductive as that sounds, no thank you.
  With Singles Week just around the corner,  my services are desperately needed elsewhere.
  Man: Number 23! Oh my god! That's me!  Number 40, number 75!  Uh oh, that's me.
  Jocelyn, you're about to witness a master class  in judicatory persuasion.
  (Jazz music plays, bell jingles)  Hello?  (Door shuts) Hello?  No one at the counter!  Who runs a business like this?  Anyone could just walk in here and shoplift.
  Okay, nobody's just walking in here and shoplifting.
  David! Your face!  I know my face! I know my face!  It's a it's a heat rash or something!  I look like the Phantom of the Opera!  Well, you can't greet customers with that face!  You don't think I know that?  I don't have much choice!  Patrick's at some business seminar,  I don't really know, because I wasn't really listening.
  Stevie, show him your arms.
  Thought you'd never ask! Oh my god!  What happened to your arms?  Same thing that happened to your face!  What? Your Dad thinks it's your moisturizer.
  Okay, that's impossible.
  I've been using this moisturizer  every day for 3 months.
 Oh.
  Although, this is a new batch.
  And we've already sold half the stock.
 Oh my god!  See? I knew it!  David, we have a problem.
 We have a big problem.
  You could be sued!  What? For retail negligence.
  Stevie, show him your arms again.
  I don't want to show him my arms.
 I don't wanna see her arms again.
  You realize you're gonna have to talk to Patrick  and tell him that you two are gonna have to take a bit  of a breather when it comes to  Ew! You know, could be contagious.
  Oh my god! Yeah, and here you were this morning,  acting like you were doing us a favour with the rollout.
  Okay, this is one of our best-selling products.
  Well, we're gonna have to roll it back in.
  And stop touching your face!  You stop touching your face!  Alexis: Okay, this is definitely smaller  than the curling rink.
  Well, it sounds like you've been really busy  puttin' this thing together.
 Yeah.
  What's happened since you and Tallahassee  left on your pine-cone journey?  It's uh, Tennessee, and I'm pretty sure you know that,  and that ended a while ago.
 Oh no!  I totally thought she was like, the one for you.
  We called it off the day we arrived.
  She's married to Moonshine now, the owner of the cone form.
  I'm sorry to hear that.
 That trip was a disaster.
  Compass broke halfway there,  we ended up following a star for 2 days.
  Anyway, by the time we got there, we sat down  and uh, spoke our truths.
  Pretty freeing.
  That day I picked 700 cones!  Hmm, is that like a lot of cones?  Well, Moonshine and his daughter, Petal,  said it was the biggest one-day haul they'd ever seen.
  They gave me the Cone of Achievement,  which allowed me to take 2 showers that week.
  (Thunder rolls)  Speaking of showers, Ugh! No!  This can't happen,  I have like 50 zillion things to do today.
  Ooh, well, if only helping me clean was one of 'em.
  Ugh!  I can crack open a bottle of cone wine?  Feeling risky?  Ugh, fine.
 Um, no.
  Uh fine.
 No.
  Okay, but um, like just one.
  (Pours cone wine)  Welcome to jury selection.
  The case you would be asked to decide  is a misdemeanor embezzlement charge  levied by the owners of Tom and Marge's Magic and Fun Shop,  against their business manager, Mr.
 Albert Percy.
  Embezzlement, no, no, no, no.
  I've seen this movie before.
  It is your responsibility to notify the court  of anything you've seen or heard,  that may impact on your ability  to be a fair and impartial juror.
  Moira, this sounds like what happened to your family.
  This could be your out.
 Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh!  A man needs to be brought to justice.
  Yeah.
  So we're back to the generic brand.
  (Door opens) Roland: Well gang,  Just about time for me to clock out.
  I gotta tell you two,  this timesheet you have is really complicated.
  By the time I finished filling it out,  I was already into overtime.
  So do you guys have an overtime sheet I can fill out?  Kinda busy in here, Roland.
  Whoa.
 Stevie! Geez! Yowzer!  It's just a reaction to David's moisturizer.
  Well, boy, leave it to Stevie to get a rash  from a moisturizer when she's sitting right  next to poison oak.
 What poison oak?  Excuse me?  Well, right here.
 It's uh  poison oak in that vase there.
 What?  Where did you get those flowers, Mr.
 Rose?  Well, I talked to a few florists, and then I  decided it was more authentic and economical,  if I just went out back and picked some.
  Uh, correct me if I'm wrong here, Johnny,  but I don't think poison oak is that expensive.
  I didn't know it was poison oak!  Mmhmm.
 Wait a second,  if you picked them, then how come you don't have the rash?  Well, I was wearing gardening gloves.
  Okay, look, I'd love to stand around and help you guys,  but I'm already sneaking into double overtime here, so,  I'm off.
  So someone's gonna have to tell David before he  takes it all back.
  No offense, Mr.
 Rose, but I'm pretty sure  that someone is not going to be me.
  (Taps on bottle)  Ma'am, can you assure my client and the Court,  that you would, to the best of your ability,  uphold the law if selected for jury duty?  Affirmative.
 Mmhmm.
  Do you have any life experiences similar  to the facts of this case,  that might affect your judgment?  Well, there was that summer that Jimmy Smits  stole my heart on stage in a workshop-only production  of "An Officer and a Gentleman".
  I suppose that might be called emotional embezzlement?  So your answer is no.
 To what?  Juror 75, you were asked if you had any personal conflicts  that might affect your judgments of this case.
  I don't know these people.
 I don't know these people.
  The fact that my own world was ripped out from under me,  by someone like this prick of a prestidigitator?  I should think would help the court in the quest  to make a fair judgment.
 (Crowd murmurs)  May I approach the bench, please? No, you may not.
  The Court thanks and excuses Prospective Juror 75.
  (Crowd murmurs)  Jocelyn, for the sake of that woman,  you must push for the maximum sentence!  Your Honor! Hold on.
  You two know each other?  Not really, we just got to talking on the way in.
  I I wouldn't say we were close.
  All right, I'm dismissing both Juror 75 and Juror 23.
  Mother (bleep).
  This is the farthest I've ever gone!  (Rain patters)  It sounds like it's actually raining harder.
  So just take the day off, like old time's sake.
  Um, I am a college graduate, Mutt.
  Singles Week is not community service,  it's actually very important to me.
  And I respect that.
  So, will you be participating in Singles Week?  Ugh.
 No, I'm trying to like,  learn from my mistakes before making any new ones.
  Think it's funny, you bringing people together,  and, here we are, still single.
 Hmm.
  Makes you wonder if it's us? (Alexis laughs)  What is happening? I don't know,  I just thought we were here, it's raining,  felt like nothing had changed.
  Yeah, I can see how you would make that leap,  but things have changed for me.
  That's cool.
  We did have some fun in here, though.
  Yeah, we did.
  You were quite the heartbreaker.
  Yeah.
  Not like, super proud of that, but  Um, so when you and Tallahassee had your talk,  you said it was freeing.
  Saying something you've kept hidden, out loud?  Yeah, it was pretty freeing.
  Though, in our case, it was mostly swears  and we didn't talk for a week, but it was worth it in the end.
  Who knows where I'd be right now if I just  didn't tell her how I felt.
 Hmm.
  Yeah.
  I think I need to leave.
  It's still raining!  Yeah, I know, I know, there's um,  there's like something I need to do.
  But thank you for the talk,  and for finishing up cleaning,  because I'm obviously not gonna help with that.
  You're a good one, Mutt.
  (Rain patters)  Okay, bye.
 (Footsteps thud)  Okay, well I don't know what to tell you, Brenda, I'm rashy!  Rashy!  Yeah, the batch must be contaminated or something,  it's like, some, some cream-borne virus!  Yes, it's the cream.
  My skin is normally fresh, and dewy, and blemish-free.
  Well, I've already sold half the stock!  (Door opens) Okay, can you hold for a sec?  (Door closes) What now?  Oh, I'm just dropping by, you know.
  Oh, place looks great, really uh, really shaping up.
  Yeah, I'm just on the phone with the vendor  that sold us the infectious moisturizer, so,  Well, does the vendor have a sense of humor,  because this is a good one! (Chuckles)  Remember the conversation we were having this morning  about you know, the rash?  Well, it turns out it wasn't the moisturizer,  it was poison oak.
  (Laughs)  (Jazz music plays)  Brenda, can I call you back?  You know, it seems poison oak accidentally  found its way into the floral arrangements at the motel.
  How did that happen?  I don't know.
  I don't know how it happened.
 I think someone,  someone must've thought it was a beautiful plant.
  Mmhmm.
 You did this, didn't you?  Well  you, yourself must've thought it was a pretty flower,  or you wouldn't have put your whole face in it!  I'm sorry for touching my nose to a flower!  I just went all Gordon Ramsey  on one of my most important vendors!  I basically told her,  her product was like a jar of Ebola!  So, this is uh, not a good time  to talk about future orders.
  We will be canceling your account.
  (David sighs)  Just be outgoing, be open,  and show them your best self.
  And don't worry, I'll be vetting everyone in advance.
  (Chuckles)  (Light tap)  Hi.
 Hi.
  How long have you been standing there?  Um, long enough.
  Yeah, I was just giving them a little pup talk.
  (Alexis chuckles)  Okay, Ted, I have a few things to say,  and I need you just to listen.
  Okay, uh, is it about the puppies though,  just because they're kinda fragile right now,  so maybe we should go in the other room.
  It's not about the puppies.
 Oh, okay, good.
  Okay.
 So as you know,  Singles Week has been taking up a lot of my time, um,  because this could be like, a big step forward in my career,  and generally speaking,  this is like a very cute look for me.
  Okay.
 Okay not finished yet.
  The problem is, I've been having um,  a hard time focusing on this exciting career opportunity  because my mind has been elsewhere.
  Oh, I just assumed that's how you always work.
  Thank you, Ted, but this is different.
  I love you.
  I'm in love with you.
  And, I know I really don't have any right to say that to you.
  And also, I know you're in a relationship, um,  and I'm happy for you, I really am,  I just feel like if I didn't tell you how I felt,  I would literally go insane.
  You're the sweetest man I've ever known.
  And that's it.
  Wow, I didn't I don't know what to say.
  You don't have to say anything.
  Um, but maybe I could take a puppy home for the night.
  You know I can't let you do that.
 Yeah, no.
 That's no problem.
  Um, I was just thinking if there was like,  a particularly runty one, like Cindy,  or like, no, no.
 That's okay.
 (Sighs)  Okay, well, this is going to be a very successful event.
  Like, really great.
  Okay.
  (Footsteps thud)  (Dog whimpers)      

                




                    			1 (Birds chirp)  Moira: Alexis? Alexis, Alexis!  I just overheard three women with smokers' coughs  talking about "Sex in the City".
  The singles have arrived!  Why are you not wearing your t-shirt?  Darling, Mommy's delivering the keynote address.
  There's going to be press and photographers there,  I think it would be a tad declasse  for the Chair of the event  to be wearing a Volunteers t-shirt.
  Mkay, I'm Co-Chair, and I'm wearing my t-shirt.
  Well, love is definitely in the air!  Motel at max capace all week long.
 Mm hmm.
  I appreciate everything you do, Alexis,  but I think it's best I carry the baton over the goal line.
  (Alexis scoffs) What's going on here?  Mom's basically trying to cut me out of Singles Week.
  I am not cutting her out, John.
  I'm merely trying to ensure an unruffled launch.
  Do you remember the last time you and I chaired an event?  The Teenage Rosacea Ball at the St.
 Regis?  That was 15 years ago!  Well, that was a different time, Moira.
  Alexis has been working on herself.
  Yes, Alexis has been working very hard on herself.
  She just closed a very important chapter of her life  with Ted last week,  and still she's putting everything she has  into finding love for other people.
  What exactly have you done?  Well  I'll tell you what I'm about to do.
  I'm about to swing by Jocelyn's  and get the locks and keys for this morning's event.
  You still haven't picked up the locks and keys?  (Door closes) Ugh!  Yes, what?  Um, I just walked past three  very raspy-voiced Miranda's outside,  so I think the singles are here.
 Ooh!   Johnny: Okay, with the 50% premium charge  for Singles Week, I think we might be able to afford  some of the bigger improvements we've been talking about.
  (Phone rings)  Ooh, sorry guys.
  Roland? Roland's phone.
  Hey, Bob.
 Roland, hang up.
  Yeah, uh, Johnny's tellin' me I gotta hang up.
  Yes, they're both here, staring at me.
  Johnny has that upset look on his face.
  Yeah.
 (Laughs)  That's the perfect way to describe it, Bob.
  Mr.
 Rose.
 Okay.
  (Mumbling)  Okay, I'm gonna put this on silent  for the rest of the meeting, okay?  Do you know how to do that, Stevie?  Roland, with all that we have going on this week,  we'll need your full attention.
  Oh, relax, Johnny.
 I'm here for ya.
  Whadda ya need?  Um, maybe you could head out to Elmdale  and go to the hardware store,  and knock the first three things off this list.
  That's no problem.
 Sure.
  And anything else you want, just let me know.
  How 'bout a car wash?  Or maybe a brow trim for Johnny? (Laughs)  Just the things on the list.
 Okay.
  Don't worry about it.
 I won't let ya guys down.
  (Door opens and closes)  (Jazz music plays, bell jingles)  Ah! Ah!  (David grunts) Ugh!  You been goin' to the gym, 'cause that looked effortless?  It's just a very awkwardly shaped box,  but yes I have, and thank you for noticing.
  So what, uh, what is this?  Um, this is a box of dog sweaters  that Alexis has asked me to drop off at Ted's  for the pet adoption thing for Singles Week.
  So what's it doing here, then?  I was just wondering what your day was looking like?  I'm not dropping the box off for you.
  Okay, I know, but it would just save me so much distress!  Oh, are you in distress? Yes!  The whole situation with Alexis and Ted right now  is very awkward and cringe-y.
  Alexis told him she loved him.
  Wow.
 Well, good for her, it's  it's not easy puttin' yourself out there like that.
  Okay, sure.
  I just think it'll be less awkward for all of us,  especially considering Ted now knows that I know,  that he knows, if you maybe took the box.
  I'm not taking the box for you, David,  I still have to unpack all of these products  for Singles Week, that you bought.
  Okay, then I guess I'll just, take the box and go, then.
  David? Yeah.
  Listen to me.
 Mm-hmm.
  What you're doing is very brave.
  Mm-hmm.
 Very generous, okay?  And I don't wanna add more stress to your day,  but I love you.
  Okay, so  so you just said that to me for the first time,  knowing that it would make my day more stressful.
  That's correct.
  Because you know that I've never said that to anyone else,  aside from my parents twice, and at a  Mariah Carey concert, I know.
 Yeah.
  And I don't expect you to say it back to me, right now,  you say it when you're ready.
  Just felt right to me, in the moment.
  You're my Mariah Carey.
  Okay.
 That compliment could bring me to tears,  but I'm not gonna let it.
  So I  would like to thank you for all the wonderful things  that you said.
 Okay.
  Wanna get me a tea while you're out? Okay, I will get you a tea.
  Um, would you mind just not looking at me  while I take this box outta the room,  'cause I don't want you regretting  any of the nice things that you just said to me?  Okay, look away, please.
 Please.
  That went well.
 (Door closes)  (Low hum of patron chatter)  (Phone rings) Moira: What?  Hi, where are you? I'm on my way!  We've just encountered a bit of a roadblock,  a hold-up, a minor issue.
  Okay, you literally had one job to do.
  Jocelyn is in labor! Oh my god!  I know it's no one's fault.
  I'm with her now, we're in the car.
  Okay, so what am I supposed to do, here?  Well, has the press arrived yet?  Yes! Everybody has arrived.
  Everybody is here, just waiting.
  Oh! Don't start without me you little frippit.
  You don't have the media training.
  Okay, can you just like, please try to hurry up?  Because the last thing we wanna do  is stand up a room full of singles.
  Oh look, Jocelyn's pulling up to the hospital right now.
  Wait, Jocelyn's driving? Yes, Alexis! She insisted!  My nerves are fried! (Jocelyn screams)  (Engine rumbles) (Jocelyn screams)  Stevie? What's up?  I think we might have to call Roland  and tell him to add "do not disturb" signs to his list.
  Some of the singles have been requesting them.
  I think that is a service that could benefit all of us.
  Hmm.
  (Dials number)  (Phone buzzes) Is that you?  (Phone buzzes) No, my phone's in my pocket.
  Uh-oh.
 I think that's Roland's phone.
  Oh god.
 What?  Uh, there are 17 missed calls,  and 3 texts from Jocelyn.
  Well, what do they say?  Roland, it's happening.
 And then baby.
  And then, like a whole row of baby emojis,  and an explosion.
  Well we-we didn't do anything wrong here.
 Right?  I didn't.
  You're the one who put his phone on silent.
  Because you didn't know how to.
  Okay, well I don't think it's helpful  to be pointing fingers, here, Stevie.
  Besides, I think he'll probably be back soon.
  We gave him a lot of errands to run.
  (Bus roars by)  (Dog barks)  (David sighs)  (Dog barks)  David! Ah hey! (Laughs)  It's me.
  Good to see you, man.
 Yeah, good to see you, too.
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Oh, okay.
  Oh, good, good.
  Um, so I just dropped off these, um, dog sweaters,  for the pet adoption thing.
  Okay, great, yeah.
  It's always gifts for the dogs, and never for me.
  Definitely one of my pet peeves.
  Yes?  I'm sorry, I just I just was expecting Alexis,  so you showing up here has really thrown me off my game.
  Um no, your game is tight.
  Um, Alexis actually told me to drop off the sweaters.
  She was swamped with the  the launch for the Singles Week thing.
  She told you, didn't she? Yes, she told me, yeah.
  It just caught me off guard, you know?  "I love you", it just I don't Mm-hmm.
  Yes.
 No, that is an emotional depth that is very,  very out of character for her.
  So, I can understand why that would be weird for you.
  Anyway, I should be I broke up with Heather.
  So I should probably stay, then, for a minute?  (Low hum of chatter)  Okay, so just to triple check,  um, everyone has registered on the website?  All: Yes.
 Yes.
  Okay, just triple checking,  because the website acts as a directory.
  And a message board, we know.
 Oh my god.
  Sorry, when is this gonna start?  There is a seniors' craft fair  that I have been asked to cover in Elmglen,  but as a single woman who drove 20 miles to be here,  I'd rather write about this.
  Yes.
 Yes.
  Um, the event is starting right now.
  Good.
 Hmm.
  Hey, singles, I'm Alexis Rose, and I,  like all of you, am single.
  (Applause)  I would just like to welcome you  to the first annual Schitt's Creek Singles Week.
  (Applause and cheers)  Now I know many of you are excited  about the lock and key event.
  (Applause and cheers)  The more I think about it,  the more I feel like that game kind of sends the wrong message.
  Because it makes it seem like,  as soon as you find the right key,  everything's just supposed to work out, right?  But life is more complicated than that.
  Now, I used to think that my one special lock  needed to be like super aggressive,  and come from a long line of Adriatic royalty,  or have a beard,  and be really into the woods.
  Then I realized that sometimes,  a special little lock can come along,  that you didn't think would fit because it didn't look,  or act, like the lock you thought you needed.
  So instead of actually giving it a real chance,  you throw it away  because it was too nice.
  And it liked you too much, and cared.
  And now that lock has found another key,  and you are so happy for it,  and you just need to accept that,  and find a new lock.
  (Silence)  So, are we playing a game, or not?  Yes!  That is what I'm trying to say,  we're just gonna play a better game um  one that kinda promotes giving people a chance.
  (Applause and cheers)  Apparently they took Roland's phone away from him.
  I don't know!  Well who would do that to a man  whose wife is just about to go into labor?  I didn't take his phone!  Well, you kinda did.
  Well, in our defense, Jocelyn's a few days early.
  (Truck rumbles)  Oh, hold on, Gwen, uh, Roland just pulled in,  and hammer's about to drop.
  (Truck rumbles)  Okay, okay, guys, I know it took a little longer  than I said it would but I knocked off  Roland,  everything on the list.
  Roland, Jocelyn's in labor.
 What?  Wh-when did she, why didn't she call me?  I gotta call her.
 I need my phone.
 I can't  Where's my phone? I can't find my phone?  Is this it? Yeah, you're a lifesaver, Johnny.
  Oh, well, you can thank me later, but uh,  you'd better going, to the hospital.
  (Door closes, engine starts) Okay.
  (Bob's phone rings)  Hi, Gwen.
  No, he's-he's on his way to the hospital now.
  Yeah wh snake?  Is a little harsh, but he's definitely slippery, I'll give ya that.
  I'm standing right here, Bob.
  Anyway, I just felt like I owed it to Heather,  to be honest.
  So then, um, are you gonna talk to Alexis about this?  Honestly, I don't know.
  I don't know if I'm willing to put myself out there again.
  I mean, David, I spent two weeks in Mexico, alone,  on our honeymoon, just trying to get my life back on track.
  Yeah, that sounds very dark.
 (Sighs)  You know how many off-road dirt bike tours I had to take,  just to get her outta my head?  Shockingly, never been on a dirt bike.
 Um  But I'm sure like a lot-a lot A lot of tours, David.
  (David sighs)  Okay, look, um, I would hardly call myself an expert  on this subject,  and by subject I mean genuine human emotion.
  So, I am just going to tell you what I know.
  And you can do whatever you want with that.
 Okay?  I know that your name has come up in conversation  every single day, for the past 6 months.
  Um, I know that she's different now  I mean, not that different, obviously, but um,  different enough to know that she made a mistake  with you.
  Or was it two mistakes? Or more ? No, it was just the two.
 Yeah.
  Anyway, so you've been burned, a couple times.
  Um, have we met?  I've been burned so many times,  I'm basically the human equivalent of the inside  of a roasted marshmallow.
  Um, but I think it's important for us to remember  that sometimes  sometimes it does work out.
  And um, even though everything inside us  is telling us to protect ourselves,  when you've got it,  don't let it go.
  Um (clears throat)  And I am telling you, that you have got it,  if you want it.
  Thank you, David.
  Maybe this can be your thank you.
  That's a dog treat?  Looks like a real treat.
  What am I gonna do now?  (Siren wails)  PA: Dr.
 Matheson.
 Paging Dr.
 Matheson.
  (Ball bounces, Jocelyn breathes)  Moira, you don't have to stay,  Rolie will be here any minute,  and I know how much the singles event means to you.
  No, no, Jocelyn, normally I wouldn't even consider leaving,  but Alexis Alexis has never handled  this kind of responsibility.
  And I would just hate to see it all  come clattering down around her.
  Okay, Moira, Moira, if I may  Listen, I can't speak to who Alexis was  before you came here,  and from what I've heard I don't really wanna dig  any deeper into that, but what I can say is this.
  I have watched your daughter, over the last couple of years,  grow into one of the most amazing people I've ever known.
  She is a hard worker, she is kind,  and she is capable of so much more  than people give her credit for.
  Jocelyn, that is one of the most generous compliments  one could receive as a mother.
  We all have fears as parents, Moira,  but at some point, we just have to believe in our kids.
  (Moira sighs) (Door slams)  Perhaps you're right.
 Where? Where is she?  There she is! Okay, I found it!  Third time's a charm!  Rolie, you made it!  You may step down, ma'am, I thank you for your service.
  Okay.
 (blows kiss) Bye.
  Thank you for everything, Moira.
  I will never forget this.
  Oh, if the drugs are any good, you will.
  Bye.
  PA: Dr.
 Matheson, call on line 2, Dr.
 Matheson.
  There you go.
 Have fun this week!  (Jazz music plays, bell jingles)  Well, David, I gotta hand it to you.
  We've already sold half of our massage oils.
  It's like you're an oracle when it comes  to the sex lives of lonely people.
  It's a gift.
 How'd it go with Ted?  I love you.
  (David holds back tears)  I know I'll never be able to compete with Mariah.
  Mm.
  It just kind of feels like one of those perfect moments  that you dream about.
  Except in my dream, I'm holding a nice cup of tea.
  Oh (bleep)  I'm kidding.
 I don't need the tea.
  No, I am making this perfect moment, perfect.
  (Door opens and closes)  (Dance music plays) Hey, it's musical chairs.
  It's a simple concept.
 Ugh!  Keep moving! People are clustering,  and you don't want that!    (Music stops)  Okay guys, you know what that means,  2 minutes on the clock to chat up your next new match  so make it count!  (Buzz of chatter)  Hi.
 Oh.
  So I'm guessing the press went home.
  It's a shame they didn't get to see what you've pulled off!  Um, actually you may not be able to tell  by the way those two are gazing into each other's eyes,  they actual work for rival newspapers.
  Alexis, I'm sorry.
  I'm sorry I underestimated you.
  Thank you.
  Seems there's a lot more of me in you,  than I give you credit for.
  Lucky me.
 Mm hmm.
  (Alexis chuckles)  (Dance music plays)  I'll take it from here.
  I thought you were just apologizing  for underestimating me?  You can't play the game with a clipboard in your hand.
  (Dance music plays) Go on.
    (Music stops)  Hi.
  Apparently I only have two minutes,  so I'm gonna make this quick.
  Hi.
  I'm Ted, I'm newly single.
  And I'd be kidding myself if I told you  that I haven't wanted to do this  every single day for the last two years.
  Do what?  (Chairs rattle)  (Applause and cheering)  (Camera shutter snaps)  Oh! Oh, no, no thank you.
  (Applause)  (Camera shutter snaps)  (Dance music plays)    (Baby coos)  Oh, what a handsome guy.
  He looks just like me.
  And yet, he's handsome.
  Hey, Moira, you haven't had a chance to hold the baby yet.
  Oh, I'm I'm all right, thank you.
  I can see clearly from here.
 (Johnny laughs)  Should we tell her?  Moira, what you did today meant the world to us.
  And we know it wasn't exactly how you planned  on spending your day.
 Aw, it was nothing.
  So, we'd like you to say hello  to Roland Moira Schitt.
  (Johnny chokes and clears throat)  Wow, that's the name is really something, isn't it?  And an honor I dream not of!  Do you wanna hold him, Moira?  Oh yeah, here you go.
 No, no please.
  Comin' at ya.
  Please, no.
 Here he comes.
  Roland Moira Schitt.
 Oh, ha ha.
  Look at that, the two Moira's.
  Take him, John, my hands are shaking.
  No, thank you.
      

                




                    			(Cell phone rings)  Johnny: Kids! Your mother's on the phone,  and it's her first day on set,  so let's all make sure we keep her spirits high, okay?  Alexis, come on.
  Mr.
 Rose, I think you should answer it.
  Yeah, she's over there all by herself,  so it's gotta be stressful, right?  I mean, the jet lag, and Oh my God, answer the phone!  That's why-that's why Answer the phone, please!  Put her on speaker, how do you put her on speaker?  Arghhh! Speaker, speaker.
  Yeah, hello? Moira?   Moira: John? Hello? Hello?  Moira? David, I don't think she can hear me!  John, are you there?  Yeah, I'm here, everybody's here.
  I expected to hear from you yesterday.
  Kids, say hi to your mother.
  Hey.
 Hi  She-she's not my mother.
 Who are those voices?  Uh, your children!  Oh Alexis, do you have strep again?  That was David! Is that Stevie?  Hi.
  David! Oh, David, how's the store?  Any new customers, or is it still friendless?  Okay, thank you.
  And John, I know disoriented you get in my absence.
  Don't forget I left you that Sudoku book.
  Yeah, well, I haven't needed it sweetheart,  because I've been up since 5:00am,  there's so much to do here at the motel.
  But listen, how are you doing?  I mean, how does it feel to be back in the saddle?  Oh John, there's a sweetness in the air,  and I'm not just saying that  because we shoot next to a baklava factory.
  (Snapping) Kids!  Do you wanna put those magazines back, please?!  No.
 (Knock on door)  Excellent, Hamza! Darlings, I must sign off.
  I'm finally getting my tete-a-tete with the director.
  He's some up-and-coming pretty young thing out of New York.
  Well, sounds like your kind of people.
  Yes! You come up with some real money,  you can attract the best.
  Well, zbogom, John!  That's goodbye in the mother tongue!  Okay, well, I'll sign off too, sweetheart.
  Lots to do, but wishing you an exciting  (Call beeps off)  Okay, yep.
 Miss you, too.
  She already hung up.
  Oh! Burn, Dad!  Oh my God that's so embarrassing,  you must feel ridiculous.
  You better remember which nails you pulled  those wigs from, because your mother keeps a spreadsheet.
   David? Come here, please.
 (Gasps)  I have a concern.
 Oh! Um, no.
  Your natural deodorant isn't working.
  Stop, David! No, come here.
  Sit! What?  Um What?!  I just wanted to make sure that everything was okay  between you and Patrick.
  Yeah! Why? Why? What did what did he say to you?  No, nothing.
 I just got  scared when I saw your score on this relationship quiz.
  Oh my God!  Because according to M'Lady Magazine,  "How Electric is your Relationship" quiz  from summer 1991, you and Patrick  are "In Need of a Generator!" Poor thing!  Okay, first of all, it's Major Lady Magazine,  and second of all, that quiz is garbage.
  Mm, totally, David.
  This garbage quiz that it looks like you took more than once.
  Yeah, because it's rigged.
 You could take it 1000 times  you'd still get the same outcome.
  Oh, it's okay, David.
  You and Patrick have settled in to that like,  nine to five life, so things are probably starting  to feel a little snooze-town.
  You're dating a vet who irons his polo shirts.
  Um, Ted and I got "Electrical Storm.
" So.
  That's impossible.
 What did you do to get that?  Did you plug your hairdryer in with wet hands again?  Hey, that happened twice David, let it go.
  Sorry that we work hard to keep the sparks flying.
  That's disgusting.
  We've actually started taking every Friday afternoon off  to go on "adventure dates.
"  "Adventure dates" sound like something a marriage counselor  would proscribe as a last resort.
  Okay, fine I was gonna see  if you guys wanted to join us this afternoon,  but you probably have more exciting things to do,  like put price tags on things, and  It's merchandising day, actually.
  Oh!  Where are you going, anyway?  Ted booked a tour of Elm Falls Park,  which is like, a super cute look for us.
  Sounds dumb.
  Fine, text me the information,  and I'll see if we're interested.
  Oh! David? It could be worse.
  You guys could be a "Total Power Failure.
"  Mm! Eat glass.
  (Door slams)  Caw! Caw! My teamster brethren!  Yes, it's me, if you can believe it!  (Dog barks)  (Woman laughs)  (Low hum of chatter)  (Knocks)  (Door latch clicks)  Okay, I told the producers  I would approve background on set.
  Oh! And I shall tell them the same.
  You must be Blaire.
 No last name.
  Doctor Clara Beatrice Mandrake at your service.
  Middle name wasn't scripted, but I've done my homework.
  Okay.
 So, you're Rose, then?  Moira Rose.
 And I see what's happening here.
  Break me down just to build me up again!  Like Stan Kubrick did to Shelley.
  Okay, I'm not really into games,  and I'm due on set in an hour,  so can whatever this is can wait 'til then?  I imagine script revisions might be something  you'd like to sign off on  before the first clap of the boards.
  There's a problem with the script?  Well, just a few character adjustments.
  (Laughs) I'm kidding.
  The script's a total dumpster fire, of course.
  Hah! If the script were garbage,  I don't believe we'd have signed on.
  It's an apocalyptic fantasy about mutant crows.
  I think we all know what we're making here.
  A timely allegory about prejudice.
  Okay, Maura, is it? Moira.
  My last picture was a $50 million dollar studio project.
  I think it's safe to say that this is not that.
  And what exactly is this to you, then?  A trip to Bora Bora.
  I see.
 Bora Bora.
  Caroline Kennedy once called it the Atlantic City  of French Polynesia.
  Okay, let's just cash our paychecks,  and pray no one ever sees this, yeah?  (Door slams)  (Dog barks)  (Door opens) Morning, Stevie.
  I'm just here to submit my letter of resignation.
  Okay, you can just leave it right here on the desk.
  Well, I haven't actually written it yet.
  But I guess I can just dictate it to you right now.
  Um, "To whom it may concern.
"  Sorry Roland, why exactly are you quitting?  Well, I would rather quit than come in here every day  and be humiliated!  I mean, I come to work, and Johnny's out there  doing all my jobs!  Yeah, he's been buzzing around  ever since Mrs.
 Rose left.
 Yeah, exactly!  I mean, come on, what's next?  I go home and he's playing strip backgammon with my wife?  (Laughs) Come on!  No, don't talk to me.
 Yeah.
  I-I mean, I look in the mirror  and it's Johnny's face staring back at me?  Got it, Roland.
 I'll talk to him.
  Okay, well, I'll go with you.
  Oh, look! This guy's wearing a work shirt.
  He's even copping my look now!  (Scoffs)  Uh  What ya doin' there, Mr.
 Rose?  Oh, I noticed there was a bit of blockage in the gutters.
  But um  Roland's in charge of doing the gutters.
  Yeah, I'm the gutter guy, Johnny.
  Everybody knows I'm the gutter guy!  Well, it was on the to-do list for today.
  Yeah, it was on my to-do list!  What are you gonna do next, the bathrooms?!  No, I haven't done the bathrooms.
  Jeez, I wouldn't mind if he did the bathrooms.
  Uh, is everything okay, Mr.
 Rose?  Yeah, never felt better.
 I feel invigorated!  Well, maybe you can move on to cleaning the windows,  and give Roland his job back?  Well, I've already done the windows.
  It looks like Roland might have to find some other work.
  Oh jeez.
 Find some other work, do you hear him?  What's gonna happen next? I go to my dermatologist,  and Johnny's there getting my moles checked?  Stevie: Point made Roland, thank you.
  (Bell on door jingles)  (Soft Jazz music plays)  Oh hi.
 Hi.
  Have I ever told you how sexy it is to walk in here  and see you doing um  inventory?  And wearing those little rubber thimbles on your fingers?  They help me flip the pages easier.
  Hot.
 Hot sex.
  You know what else is hot and sexy?  Doing something spontaneous this afternoon.
  Ooh, like what?  You helping me with the inventory?  Yes.
 Or  taking the afternoon off.
  Mixing up the nine to five.
  Okay  well, nine to five are our store hours.
  So it's kinda hard to build customer loyalty  when your store is just like, spontaneously open or closed.
  Yeah.
 Anyway, it turns out  Alexis's relationship is in trouble.
  What? Yeah, I know.
  Struggling.
 She practically begged us to join them  at the park this afternoon,  probably for emotional support.
  Wow, we just saw them, they seemed totally fine.
  I know.
 Yeah.
  Well, they're in need of a generator,  if you know what I mean.
  Well, I don't, but uh  if you think it'll help a bad situation,  I guess we could duck out a little early today.
  It will just mean we'll have to start early tomorrow.
  Mhmm.
  You know, it's that unshakable sense of responsibility  that makes me wanna just  rip those little rubber things,  and burn 'em in a fire.
  (Laughs)  (Groans)  Johnny: Twyla, can I get a lunch special to go, please?  Sure.
 Okay.
  Oh! So no one thought to tell me  about the team lunch today?  Oh, we tried.
  You just couldn't hear us over the sound of the lawnmower.
  Yeah, lawnmower, as in mowing the lawn,  which is also my job.
  Am I supposed to be reading between the lines here?  Well, I think we were just wondering if maybe the fact  that you're so invigorated to work lately  is because Mrs.
 Rose is gone,  and you're trying to fill a  Fill a big, black empty hole in your life.
  Is that pretty much what you were trying to say there, Stevie?  Maybe not quite like that, but  Okay, if you're suggesting that my work ethic  has anything to do with Oh, it's Moira!  I gotta to take this.
  Moira, what's the good word?  Oh John, I'm afraid I've made a grave error in judgment.
  Oh sweetheart, I told you not to drink the tap water.
  If only! At this moment an intestinal bacteria  would wreak less havoc on my career!  Well, I don't understand.
  Everything was fine two hours ago.
  John, you know me, I'm never one to complain.
  I didn't bat an eye when I found out my accommodation  here was in actuality a small "Bed or Breakfast.
"  They feed me at work, I'll take the bed.
  So then what's the problem?  Our director appears to be on a kamikaze mission  to sink this ship,  and I refuse to be the goddess on its prow!  Well, if you're not enjoying yourself anymore sweetheart,  then coming home is always an option.
  I mean, you must be missing your family.
  Oh, thank you, John, but that's not it.
  This was supposed to be my comeback vehicle,  and opportunities like this  come along ever so infrequently.
  Well, Moira,  I feel the answer is right in front of you.
  This isn't some rinky-dink made-for-TV movie,  or a voice gig for an X-rated Japanese video game.
  That-that was rated "M" for "Mature," John.
  All I'm saying is you have an opportunity here.
  And if you want it bad enough, you've gotta fight for it.
  You're right.
 You're right!  If Sandy Bullock hadn't fought  to keep the Speed Franchise alive,  we never would've had "Cruise Control".
  John, thank you.
  I would be lost without you.
  (Kiss sound, beeps call off)  Me too.
  Everything okay?  Yeah, everything's good, Stevie.
  Everything's good.
 So I'm gonna head back,  uh, but you can brainstorm some things for Roland to do.
  And if not, I have a window later,  so I can take the job on if you like.
  Just so you're aware, Mr.
 Rose,  the special is cream of mushroom soup.
  We don't actually have to-go containers for that,  so I've just double-bagged it.
  Would you like a spoon, or a straw?  (Birds chirp)  I have to say, David, I'm a little shocked  that you agreed to do this,  I know how fearful you are of heights.
  Hmm.
 Well, "fearful" makes me  sound like some Dickensian orphan with a chronic illness.
  It's more an aversion.
  Yeah, do I wish that Alexis was a little more specific  when she said we were coming to a park?  Uh maybe, but this, this is gonna be fun, I think for us.
  You know? Yeah.
  David, you look so cute under there!  Like a tiny toadstool man,  or a little acorn person, or something.
  Hey! So glad you guys could make it!  I hope you didn't have to like,  rearrange your daily schedule, or anything, hm?  Oh, no, no, no, we just agreed to finish  doing the inventory tomorrow.
  Mm, that's a sensible decision.
  Yeah.
  They look like they're really enjoying each other's company.
  Yeah, they fake it well.
  I actually did one of these at summer camp.
  Yeah, and I couldn't imagine who wouldn't want to dangle  20 feet in the air on a series of shaky logs.
  It's actually closer to 30 feet, bud.
  David's never done anything like this before.
  Uh oh, we've got a virgin! Okay,  you might wanna talk to half my birthright trip about that.
  All right, do you wanna go first, babe?  Hundred, babe.
 Oh okay, there we go!  Hey.
 Mm!  All right.
  You feeling okay, David?  You're looking a little flushed.
  No, just using a new tinted moisturizer, that's all.
  It's all right.
  I guess I'll go.
 (Laughs) All right!  This will be a fun adventure for us.
  Yes  Get the clip off, and you're ready to go.
  Babe! Whoa, great job, babe!  David!  David! Stop!  (David whimpers)  None of my phone chargers are working!  I ask for a pressed juice,  and all I get are blank stares.
  Look, I just find it hard to believe  that this was the best gig you could've gotten me.
  Get my days down! Yeah.
 Hi.
  Hello, again.
 Hi.
  I was hoping this might be an opportune moment  to discuss the quagmire  in which you fancy yourself ensnared?  The what to the what now?  I suspect you're viewing this enterprise as a barrier  rather than a gateway to the future of your career.
  Yeah, you really don't have to worry  about the future of my career.
 Is that so?  Because I did a little "Ask Jeeves-ing,"  and you, Sir, were recently cut loose  from a high-profile blockbuster.
  We had artistic differences.
  You were the artist, and they were indifferent!  Yes, well, nothing is a sure thing in this business.
  Nothing is a sure thing.
  Which is why you should look at every opportunity  as a pearl in an un-shucked oyster.
  I would hardly call this an opportunity!  I-I worked in soaps.
  They had me play my own father,  who then became pregnant despite the vasectomy.
  I still hold the record for the longest-running  demonic possession on daytime television.
  Okay, what's your point?  We were number one.
  Every project has potential.
  If you allow yourself to see it,  and give it the respect it deserves,  others just may follow suit.
  Yeah, I really wouldn't know where to start with this one.
  Hmm, well, here are my revisions.
  If you care to discuss them,  I'll be running lines in the nest.
  (Blaire sighs heavily)  Hey Stevie, don't mind me.
  Just coming in for a quick cup of rocket fuel.
  Nobody drinks that rocket fuel, Mr.
 Rose.
  I know it tastes like something I found  in that gutter out there, but uh  it's the pick-me-up I need to finish reorganizing the shed.
  (Exasperated sigh)  You're reorganizing the shed?  That's not on the calendar 'til next week.
  Yeah well, with my evenings free,  I mean, normally at this time  Moira and I are deciding on dinner plans, but uh  Okay, Mr.
 Rose,  I know I might be overstepping here,  but I just wanted you to know  that it's okay to miss your wife.
  No, it's just an adjustment, that's all.
  I mean, we're making adjustments all the time.
  Yesterday I couldn't drink this coffee, and now  we've been serving this to guests the whole time?  Mr.
 Rose,  I-I hope that someday I find someone  who I can stand long enough  to feel a little lost when they're not around.
  (Sighs heavily)  I'm exhausted.
  Eight days, Stevie.
  That's the longest we've gone without seeing each other.
  No matter where we were,  and yeah, we've managed to keep it up  for almost 40 years.
  Well, see?  It makes sense that you're a little  out of sorts without her.
  I'll tell you what's not out of sorts anymore,  that shed! (Chuckles)  Yeah well, now that you're done with the shed,  maybe you could start sharing the jobs with Roland again?  Yeah well, you're right, Stevie,  and I will call Roland.
  It's just I'm so tired  From all the work I've been doing,  so I'm thinking  maybe you could  No, it's just not my job.
  Right.
  Patrick: You can do this, David!  Just one step at a time!  You're looking pretty shaky there, David.
  I really hope we didn't "rope" you into something here.
  Alexis: Hey David, just pretend you're in like,  a super dangerous walk-and-turn sobriety test.
  Okay, I don't like this!  Okay well then, just turn around!  Why would he agree do this when he's afraid of heights?  He's not afraid of heights,  He's afraid of moths and butterflies.
  And businesswomen in sneakers.
  Okay, I can hear you!  And also heights,  something to do with him being broken up with while he was  Parasailing in the Seychelles!  He and Anderson Cooper were stuck up there for like,  three hours, until the wind died down.
  I totally forgot! Argh!  I'm sorry, David! Aah!  I'm sorry, you were right, the quiz was rigged.
  What?! What quiz?  Okay, David took this relationship quiz,  and it said that his relationship was like,  in need of some excitement.
  What?! David, I lied!  I took the quiz like, 15 times.
  "In Need of a Generator" is like,  the only answer you can get.
  Oh my God!  Okay, I don't know what this is about,  but this generator is running smoothly.
  So we're doing all of this so that you can prove  our relationship is exciting?  I failed the stupid quiz,  and Alexis made me feel bad about it.
  David, you're basically 40 years old,  I shouldn't be able to make you feel bad about anything.
  I love our relationship.
  I love it when you order me pizza.
  I love when you use words like inventory!  I even love those stupid rubber things  you put on your fingers,  'cause you think they flip the pages faster.
  They don't flip the pages faster.
  They don't flip the pages faster!  Okay I'm so sorry!  We're gonna talk about the fact that we missed  half a day of work to make this happen,  But you did just do a tree walk 30 feet in the air for us.
  Yes, I did.
 Both: Muah!  (Tired exhale) All right, guys,  that's one rope down, seven courses to go.
  Hey.
 Don't touch me.
  No.
  (Gravelly and shrill) My dear murder,  soon we will walk once more walk amongst the humans.
  But until that day comes, we must remember,  the crows don't just have eyes  we also have wings!  Caaaaw! Awk! Caw! Caw!  Cut! Cut.
 (Buzzer sounds)  Let me guess, he didn't like the rewrites,  I don't know why,  or really, even how,  but something about this actually works.
  Oh.
 All right then, then um  might I ask why did we interrupt that take?  Right, so at this point Moira,  I'm gonna have a bunch of digital birds  sort of circling around you,  so if you can just be aware of them.
  Yes.
 Aye, Captain.
 Note taken.
  Let's pick it up from there.
  In terms of my eye-line,  how many birds am I clocking?  And of them, how many are mutants?  Okay, winging it.
  Action!  (Gravelly and shrill) Listen to me aaawk!  The day will come when we are no longer social outcasts!  I am but a tail-feather away from finding the cure.
  So please  quiet your caws  so that we may take up our cause  redemption!  Redemption!  Awk! Awk! Ahaaa!      

                




                    			(Door opens)  Moira: John! Are you awake?  John! What? What's happening?  Your wayfaring thespian has returned!  I-I don't wanna jinx anything,  but the shoot was a triumph.
  The local Bosnians are calling it a stunning re-invigoration  of the "Crows Have Eyes" franchise.
  That, of course, is a loose translation.
  Oh, well that sounds great, sweetheart.
  John, no need to get out of bed, dear.
  I'm sure you considered planning a little more fanfare  for my return, but  oh, it's best to ease back in.
  It's 3:30 in the morning,  you said you were coming in today at noon.
  Yes! Noon Bosnian Mountain Time, that is!  Which was several hours ago, John.
  Oh, and what a journey it has been!  Production had me routed through Nairobi  for some reason, and then our plane was grounded  after flying through a swarm of locusts.
  I didn't want to miss my third connection,  so I took a Bosnian upper just to keep awake.
  Those things are the size of a nickel,  so I only took one,  at least, I think I did.
  I may have taken a second one just to be safe,  because I don't know if I took that first one, or not.
  Either way, I've been up since eight am three days ago,  with time changes factored in,  and I couldn't be happier to see you!  Oh!  Well Moira, it sounds like a nightmare of a trip.
  Why don't we leave the unpacking 'til tomorrow,  and just get some rest?  Good idea.
  Kids!  No Moira, it's 3:30.
 David!  Alexis!  Oh! Who is it? Oh my God, what?!  I don't know what you kids are still doing up so late.
  I didn't want to disturb you,  I just wanted you to know that Mummy got home safe and sound!  Okay, good night.
 Great.
  Okay, if you insist, one quick story.
  So, day three of shooting, Hamza and I  find ourselves stuck in a hail storm  Oh my God, not tonight, thank you, though.
  I'm sorry kids, your mother's had a rough couple of days.
  Moira, why don't we get to bed, sweetheart?  Ooh, frisky, John.
  Oh! Bye! Ewww!  Eww.
 Ugh!   Moira: No! No one would believe this!  These cannot be real!  What's going on?  Well, instead of sleeping last night,  I decided to just power right through.
  You know, best to round up to an even four days.
  And while I was doing some light reorganization,  I came upon this stack of love letters  written to your father by another woman.
  Okay.
 Best not to be concerned, Alexis.
  I'm sure there's a logical explanation for all of this.
  Sure there is.
 Yes.
 Some of them!  Some of them are even funny!  Listen.
 Where's that one? Oh! Read this.
  (Cackles wildly)  (Clears throat)  "Dearest John-John,  I'm lying here, stuck, sweaty.
  All I can think about is you,  and the last night we spent together,  bed shaking " Ew!  Why are you making me read this?  I know, right? Eugh!  Before your father met me,  he was not quite so selective.
  I hesitate to add, he even had a predilection  for boom boom girls!  Okay, I would like to remind you  that I don't have a therapist anymore.
  No, as you said,  there's a logical explanation for all of this.
  No, you've said that like, three times now.
  So I think it's probably for the best  that we put these down, and we go have a nap, okay?  Yes.
 You're right.
 Mhm.
  You're right, Alexis, you're always so right.
  (Sighs)  Okay.
  All right  (Sighs)  Just a few more, just to lull me to sleep.
  That's all.
  (Car engine starts)  (Light Jazz music plays)  (Bell on door jingles)  (Hurried footsteps thud)  Good morning.
  Is there something I can help you with?  Yeah, I'd like you to open your cash register,  and give me your money!  Okay, small problem.
  Um, our money isn't for sale.
  I'm robbing you! Thought so, yeah.
 Um  I'm gonna ask you one more time.
  Hey! Hey! Where do you think you're going?!  Here.
 David: So here's the problem.
  Our till doesn't currently have any cash in it,  because my partner is at the bank  getting money for the float.
  What about you, what do you have?  A wallet full of debt.
  Can someone put something in a bag, please?!  Um, we only have cloth totes, I hope that's okay.
  Whatever! Would you like some wine?  Okay, yeah, yes, put some booze in a bag.
  Do you drink red wine, or white wine?  Maybe some chilled rose in the back?  I'll get it!  Robber: I'm not letting you go into the back!  What else?  Cheese goes good with wine.
  Suddenly she's a sales associate.
  Would you like some cheese?  Uh yeah, I'll take some cheese.
  God forbid he be specific.
  I guess throw in some brie,  some aged cheddar.
  Uh, that tapenade goes good with the brie.
  Tapenades, great, yeah, yeah, yeah.
  Do you have bad skin? Yeah, sure, just hurry it up!  There you go.
  Could you help the man with the door?  His hands are full.
 Sorry.
  Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
  (Bottles clank)  (Door shuts)  Why do I feel like we did something wrong?  (Birds chirp)  (Dog barks)  Look at you all dressed up, Mr.
 Sporty Spice.
  Uh yeah, I'm dressed for the run  that we're supposed to be going on,  but I don't think you can run in those.
  Tell that to me at 21, escaping the yakuza.
  So that's a no on the run, then?  Okay, honestly Ted, I've had a very traumatic  morning at home, so going on a run is like,  the last thing that I wanna do.
 Also, I forgot.
  Okay well, that's actually like, scary,  because we texted about it twice last night,  and twice this morning, but anyway,  is everything okay?  Like, other than reading some very porny love letters  that someone sent my dad, sure.
  Like, who holds on to things like that?  I've held on to some things.
  Oh my God, should I be worried?  Well, I, I did keep this waterproof watch  that Heather gave me.
  Okay, I asked if I should be worried.
  I don't know, I think it's kind of romantic  to hang on to things from old relationships.
  I've certainly kept some things from our past.
  Ted!  I take it that you haven't?  Um, harsh.
 I for sure have.
  Yeah, it's just that your face is doing  some really weird stuff right now.
  No because you put me on the spot!  There's like, a very long list of things that I've kept.
  Oh, really.
  Like what?  Like that empty book that you gave me.
  The journal? Yes! The journal.
  And very likely some jewelry.
  Like a ring, or  A locket? Yes.
  The locket you gave me.
  I kept that the most.
  Oh yeah, it's just funny,  I don't think I've ever seen you wear it.
  I'm just so scared of losing it.
  That makes sense.
  Okay, well, you have a run to go on,  so I should probably go and update my journal.
  You've never written in a journal, have you?  No, but um,  one time I did do a book report on David's diary,  and it was very dark.
 Okay.
  (Door slams)  (Door closed)  Jocelyn!  Moira, you're back.
  Did you just let yourself in?  I have been knocking on your door  since the beginning of time!  Although now that I'm standing here,  it's equally possible that I didn't knock at all.
  I suppose we'll never know, will we?  Ah! Sorry.
 I just need to  catch my breath.
 Oh, as do I.
  I don't know if you know what it's like to be mortally  deprived of one's sleep!  I haven't slept in eight months.
  Why's that? Because of the baby.
  I've had a bit of a rebirth myself, in Bosnia.
  I hope it wasn't as painful as mine.
  The music, Jocelyn.
  In Bosni-wood, as the industry will soon be calling it,  I I picked up some beautiful Sevdah,  that I absolutely must teach to the Jazzigals!  Would you like to hear me sing  a traditional love song?  I I would, it's just the baby's sleeping, so  Shhh  (Singing in Bosnian)  (Sings a slow tune)  Yeah it's a sad one.
  I would be feeling it too, if I knew  what the heck you were singing about.
  (Laughs)  Oh  What are these?  Oh, just some old love letters,  written by another woman,  onto which John has been clutching.
  Wow, I have been down this road.
  I once found a bag of Roland's ex-girlfriends' bras.
  Burned them.
  Except for the ones that were my size.
  But this is incomparable, Jocelyn,  there's a perfectly logical explanation for this!  Oh, there always is.
  Woo! Wow.
 (Laughs)  This little "butterfly" is quite the writer.
  It's like 50 Shades of Johnny Rose!  Holy cow.
  (Birds chirp, cars rumble)  You know, I've never been robbed before,  and I had friends that lived in Brooklyn.
  Yeah that was a robbery, right?  I mean, we were robbed.
  Right? Yeah!  Someone walked out of here with two bags of product,  I mean, I don't know what else you'd call it.
  I mean, he had a weapon, right?  Yeah! Yes.
  I mean, it must've been in his pocket,  because he used both hands to carry the bags  out of the store, but  I can't believe you just offered him the wine.
  You offered him the skincare, I mean,  we don't know what was going on under that mask!  He could've had perfect skin.
  I can't believe this happened,  I was gone for like, 45 minutes.
  Are you guys sure you're okay?  Surprisingly, yes.
  Yeah, I'm not.
 Thanks.
  I'm very startled.
  It just doesn't make any sense.
  I mean, I can understand taking the wine,  but who steals a jar of tapenade?  And the brie?! Yeah, the brie.
  Stevie? The brie?  Well, at least we know if the cops don't get him,  his cholesterol will.
  Well, there's no need to keep talking about it now.
  You guys are gonna have to go through this all again  in much more detail when the police get here.
  Yeah, I um,  I don't know if going to the police is  is necessary at this point.
  If we want any insurance money  for the things that were stolen,  you have to explain everything to the police.
  I was pretty much in the back  while all of this was going down, so  Mm, I remember you being pretty involved, actually.
  Yeah well, between the two of you,  I'm pretty sure you can piece it together.
  Yeah.
 Right? So  Hey, Twy?  I've always admired your jewelry game.
  You just like, pick a few pieces,  and just and wear them to death.
  Oh, if you're talking about my earrings the clasp broke,  so I actually physically cannot take them off.
  Okay, I am experiencing the same problem.
  All of my jewelry is boring.
  Is that what I said?  So way back when, all of my girlfriends and I  used to throw the diamonds we got from our parents  on a table, and just do like, a big jewelry swap.
  (Sighs)  I wish I had someone in this town to swap with.
  Yeah, I used to think that a lot growing up,  when I'd see other kids with their families.
  Okay, you just gave me a great idea!  Why don't we do a jewelry swap?  Well, I do have a large collection  of my grandfather's hospital bracelets.
  Yum! Um, but I also love  that cute little locket around your neck.
  Well, that makes sense,  because you gave it to me for Christmas,  and I wear it every day.
  Yeah, and I always think like,  what would I look like in it?  S so do you want the locket?  No, Twy, I got it for you.
  But what I'm saying is, let's swap for it.
  I have a toe ring that would look so cute on you!  We're not allowed to wear open-toed shoes, but um  maybe I could  take that bracelet?  Yes! Um, I actually got this in a swap with Sienna Miller.
  And by that I mean it fell off her wrist at a Halloween party,  and I kept it.
  Well, maybe I could come over on my lunch break,  and we can swap some more stuff!  Yes, Twy! (Laughs)  I mean, I actually thought this would be like,  a one-for-one situation,  but if you want to open it up  Let me help you with that.
 Oh, that's okay, I got it.
  No, the necklace.
  Oh, right now?  Okay  (Sighs impatiently)  (Door opens and shuts)  (Shade rattles)  What are you doing? Uh  word on the street is that  you're in a little hot water with Moira, huh?  No, everything's fine with Moira.
  I just thought she was coming in today.
  Look Johnny, everybody likes to take trips down memory lane,  but you gotta get rid of the evidence.
  Do you know what a burnt under-wire smells like?  Okay, Roland,  I actually don't know what you're talking about.
  Those spicy letters from Miss Butterfly  that you left out for Moira to find.
  How do you know about those letters?  Well, Moira's out showing 'em around town.
  Jocelyn's read 'em.
  She told me about some very racy parts, young man.
  Moira is showing my letters?  Yeah, I was talking to Bob about it.
  Why were you talking to Bob about it?!  We're trying to save your marriage, bud!  Although, Gwen thinks it's probably a lost cause.
  She's thinks you might be a sexaholic.
  Okay, first of all,  everyone should mind their own business,  and stay out of my affairs.
  Affairs, plural? Oh.
  There's no affair, okay?  Now, would you unlock the door, and open the blind?  Jeez, Johnny, I'm on your side, pal.
  Unless things get messy,  in that case, I'm gonna be on Moira's side.
  (Clucks tongue)  So I guess it was sort of like a  a low end poly-blend hooded sweatshirt,  in what I could only describe as an aubergine color.
  And just in case he changes his outfit,  do you have a rough idea of his physical description?  Right, um  Well, I guess, my build.
  That's being generous.
 If I was at my goal weight.
  Officer, they mentioned there was a weapon involved.
  Can you describe the weapon?  You describe it.
  Well, if there was a weapon, it was concealed.
  Yeah, so you know, it's it's sort of hard to describe  a concealed weapon.
  Yeah, I mean, if we could tell you what it looked like,  he wouldn't be doing a good job of concealing it.
  (Laughs nervously) Yeah!  So let me get this straight.
  You have no idea what it looks like,  or whether there was one in the first place.
  You guys said you were held up!  Emotionally!  I mean, I don't know if there was a gun,  but it was still a robbery, he was wearing a mask.
  And would we all not agree that words are weapons?!  Okay, so you offered the wine,  and you offered the cheese and the tapenade,  and there was no gun?  This guy just sounds like a lucky customer, David!  You know what? I am just gonna (pen scratches)  file this report, and you can follow up  if you have any more information.
  Yes  (Door opens and shuts)  (Patrick sighs)  (David clears his throat)  So you upsold the robber.
  I did not! I didn't even tell him  about the vintage wines we have in the back.
  Oh.
 Stevie: Speaking of  I think we should probably open one of those bottles,  just to calm the nerves.
  Yeah, I thought you had to go to work.
  Great.
 Great stuff, you guys.
  (Low hum of voices from TV)  (Laughs)  Can I have some more popcorn? Oh, sure.
  Oh, don't worry, I'll get it.
  I uh, see you're wearing the locket.
  Oh! I don't know, am I?  Oh, right.
  Well, you proved me wrong, Alexis.
  And I have to say, I'm actually kind of relieved,  because that means that you also kept favourite photo  of the two of us.
  I keep that photo in a locked folder on my phone.
  No, no, I'm talking about the one in the locket.
  Hmm!  Now, this appears to be a photo of Twyla?  Yes I put that there.
  Because Twyla is an important friend.
  And Twyla's mom?  Is her important friend.
  You gave the locket to Twyla, didn't you?  Okay, I would've kept it.
  But the necklace just kept reminding me  of all the bad things that I'd done,  and then Twyla gave me a Christmas gift,  and I didn't have anything to give her  Okay, Alexis, I think we should just agree  to stop feeling bad about our past,  and just focus on the future.
  Yes, Ted.
  And, in that spirit,  I should probably tell you that I didn't actually keep  everything that you gave me.
  That's fine.
  Yeah, after the breakup, I uh  well, I took some of your stuff to the incinerator,  along with some pets that needed to be cremated.
  Ew.
 And you think you feel bad?  The wallet that you gave me was still in there,  and I had forgotten to take some of the cards out,  and I was actually only one stamp away from a free sub, so.
  Okay well, if it makes you feel any better,  that was David's wallet.
  (Ted laughs)  (Door opens)  Well, well, "John-John" returns.
  Okay, Moira, don't tell me you still haven't slept.
  What would give you that impression?  Sweetheart, you've got to find a way  of getting some sleep!  Easier said than done, John,  when your only husband is longing for  his epistle-writing inamorata.
  You know what, if you had taken a nap,  and cleared your head,  instead of running around town  showcasing our personal business  When we were herded from our home,  and forced to grab what few precious items we could,  you chose to grab those letters!  That's right.
 Who is this woman?!  Oh okay.
  If you must know,  she's someone who's very important to me.
  Oh?  Moira, you wrote those letters!  Don't be absurd, that is not my writing!  It was that week on "Sunrise Bay"  when Vivian Blake had her accident,  you were in a body cast, they wouldn't let you take it off.
  You were writing with your left hand!  The spelunking incident.
  No.
  It was after she got thrown upwards through a skylight.
  (Realizing gasps) Look  "I'm lying here in bed,  I can't move, I miss you.
"  It's all there, Moira.
  You're telling me none of this rings a bell?  In my defense, John,  I had asked for actual painkillers,  to help ease me into my character's plight.
  But why are you reading them now?  (Sighs)  I was missing you,  so I took out the letters,  because reading them made me  feel like you were still here with me.
  Oh, you're too sweet.
  Unfortunately, we're going to have to stick with  my version of the events.
  What? Why would we do that?  I don't want anyone thinking I wrote these!  Well, I don't want people thinking I'm reading  some other woman's love letters!  Well, it'll give you an edge.
  No one will ever accuse you of being vanilla again.
  Who's saying that?  No kids, I understand that you both have read  a somewhat adult-themed correspondence  between a loving wife and her husband?  Yeah, and I'd prefer if you could stop talking about it.
  This is why I think it's best to torch everything  from past failed relationships.
  I'd hardly call this a failed relationship, David.
  We're still here, 35 years later.
  Okay, here we go.
  I know you asked for a small,  but I "swapped it" for a large.
  Twyla, may I say, you are looking very chic.
  Johnny: Would you look at that? That looks like the tiara  you wore at your bat mitzvah, Alexis.
  Well, I had a little help from a friend.
  We should probably coordinate a time  to swap everything back.
  Oh, don't worry, I'm fine.
  (Giggles)  And what exactly did you get out of this fun swap?  I got Twyla's step-brother's dog tags.
  And a whistle.
 Moira: Caw! Caw!  Oh! (Speaking Bosnian)  Is she okay?  Yeah, she's just sleeping.
  Well, I'm ready to order.
  Okay, can somebody close her eyelids, at least?  Please? (Snoring)      

                




                    			1 Alexis: First of all, welcome to my office.
  Now I think we all know that most VIP guests  wouldn't be caught dead at a motel like this,  no offense.
  But I have been able to secure  a V-VIP guest.
  Well, I'd go out on a limb and say all of our guests  are very important, Alexis.
  That's cute.
  Anyway, Emir Kaplan is a very influential travel blogger,  so it is of the utmost importance  that we all make him feel at home.
  Hmm.
 Well, if he's looking for that homey feeling,  I should just invite him over for dinner.
  Joce is making pot roast.
  All he'd have to bring is a couple of sides,  a bottle of wine,  and something nice for the house.
 Nothing cheap.
  "The Road Less Traveled?" It's a very famous blog.
  He writes all about the best eats, stays,  and attractions off the beaten path.
  Well, I don't want to second guess  your publicity skills here Alexis,  but I don't think it would hurt  to tilt the scales in our favour.
  When we wanted to impress people at Rose Video,  (Groans) Okay.
  Coffee break.
  We'd sometimes hire actors who would come in as plants,  pretending to be Customers! Yes!  Walk around, talk up whatever they're paid to talk up.
  I know, I was once paid to talk up  Heartblaster Energy Drink at a Third Eye Blind concert.
  I'm pretty sure we don't have the budget for actors.
  I mean, if you're looking to pay some guy to lie  about how great this motel is,  I'm happy to step in.
  Do we need Roland? Stevie!  You can be the plant.
  You look like someone who just wandered in off the road.
  Thanks.
  And Johnny can be our Manager.
  Okay, first of all, you've gotta stop  with the Johnny business, okay?  And secondly, I am the Manager.
  Okay, well, you should probably start  getting into character, then.
 Okay, thanks.
   (Birds chirp)  Ray: Knock, knock, everybody decent?  Oh my God! Once again, Ray,  saying "knock knock" is not the same thing  as actually knocking.
  I'm just making breakfast, and I wanted to know  if I should make extra for you two.
  No, I think we're good.
 Yes  Great! Door open, or closed?  Closed.
  (Chuckles)  Okay, I thought you were gonna talk to him about this.
  I let very few people see me before 9:00 AM.
  I did.
 The "knock knock" is him taking the note.
  Well, you might want to invest in a "lock lock" then.
  Mm.
  Knock knock! Holy (Bleep)!  I realized I don't have eggs, but I do have pancake mix.
  How do we feel about that?  Four, please.
  David, you're constantly talking about how much you eat.
  But I've seen you walk from the bedroom to the shower,  and you look fine.
  Huh?  Okay Ray, we we might need a minute.
  Of course.
 Door open, or closed?  Closed.
  Wow!  Okay, this is not working anymore.
  I think it's time we look for an apartment.
  Oh.
 Okay, I mean  if that's what you want.
  Well, I think it's more of a need at this point, David.
  I've been thinking about it for a while.
  Oh.
  Ray: Gentlemen, you're gonna laugh,  but I just remembered, we do have eggs.
  They're in the pantry, next to the pancake mix,  which means they've been sitting out for days.
  Are we feeling lucky?  Can I still have the pancakes?  Yes!  Ray! Patrick?  Door closed.
  Of course.
  (Birds chirp, dog barks)  And Zeljko says, you eat,  you expire pleasured.
  (Laughs)  You expire pleasured.
  Twyla: Okay.
  What are we talking about today?  More Bosnia stories?  Yep, she never seems to run out of 'em.
  Twyla, do you think it might be too much of an imposition  to ask the chef to whip me up a kifla?  What's a kifla? Oh, how best to describe it.
  I don't think you need to.
  Hi, y'all!  Oh, Ronnie, Moira,  I see you've ordered without me, makes sense,  because I was seven minutes late!  Well, we've yet to put in our kifla order, if you're peckish.
  Oh, I can't stay.
  I actually might not be able to make it to rehearsal today.
  Roland was supposed to watch the baby,  but he's got tied up at the motel, so  Oh Jocelyn, if you can't make it rehearsal,  no one's gonna hold that against you.
  Yeah, the baby comes first.
  Well, I just feel bad because we really need  to rehearse that Nine Inch Nails medley  for our concert at "Yarn for Cheap.
"  I'd be more than happy  to spearhead that effort, Jocelyn.
  After collaborating so closely with the director on "Crows,"  I feel even more finely attuned  to the fluctuations of the human condition.
  Okay, it's just, I thought that was sort of my  Even if you miss a performance Jocelyn,  there will be others!  And don't worry about your solo, Jocelyn.
  I know it by heart.
  I actually sing it quietly every time you do it.
  I know, Twyla.
 And it's not that quiet.
  Anyways, I guess I get to sit this one out.
  (Baby wails)  Aw, it looks like somebody's up.
  No rest for the wicked.
  Well, these days, either he's crying, or I am.
  (Laughs) Okay  See you l-l-later.
  Bye! Bye!  I'll get the door! I'm-I'm sorry, excuse me.
  Okay.
  Johnny: Welcome to the Rosebud Motel, Mr.
 Kaplan.
  Johnny Rose, and it's a pleasure to uh  Johnny is our Manager,  so just let me know if you need anything from him.
  And this is Roland, he is our Guest Services Liaison.
  Yes, and it's actually pronounced "lee-as-on.
"  And my name is actually pronounced "Ro-lahnd.
"  And if there's anything you need, please tell me.
  Room service, turn-down service, valet service  Okay Ro lahnd, those are a few items  that might be tricky to pull off,  but we do have coffee and pastries every morning.
  Oh, great, that uh,  that should beat the black mold I had for breakfast  at my last motel.
  (Laughs uproariously)  (Laughs)  Ro-lahnd, why don't you show Mr.
 Kaplan to his room?  Oh yes, formidab-Le.
  If you would uh, how do you say,  um, voulez-vous with me please.
  I'll show you to your room.
  Right this way, we have you in our most deluxe suite.
  Suite number four is uh  Ah! Miss Felming ton.
  Enjoying your stay?  Yes.
  Okay, Ro-lahnd, Johnny,  we should let our guests continue chatting.
  Ro-lahnd, this way.
  Here you go.
  Thank you.
  I think you're really gonna like it here.
  It's clean, and the service is good.
  Yeah.
  Anyway, I'm just staying here as a guest.
  It's always good to know who your neighbours are  in a place like this, you know,  it's kind of a roll of the dice, but uh  you seem somewhat normal.
  Thank you for saying that.
 Well.
  Everyone agreed that I was the normal one  in my cell-block at the women's prison, so.
  Oh, wow.
 Which prison?  Maybe you know my wife.
  I don't-I'm kidding.
 I don't have a wife  anymore.
 Oh, disappeared?  I'll never stop looking.
  I'm Emir.
  Stevie.
 Stevie, hi.
  Stevie, nice to meet you.
  Oh, David.
 We have a V-VIP staying with us at the moment.
  So do you mind staying at Patrick's tonight?  Your vibe can be a bit intense.
  Um, excuse me? If anything, I'm a selling point.
  And Patrick's is a no-go.
  If fact, he just texted me the address  of a new apartment  that we might be going to see together later, so.
  Um, did I leave a Q-tip in,  or did you just tell me that you guys are getting  an apartment together?  Hey, we're just going to look.
  Yeah, and Adam Levine and I just went for bubble tea.
  I'm feeling very apprehensive about the whole thing,  like, I never saw myself living with someone.
  That makes total sense,  considering how nobody you dated ever expressed  any interest in that.
  I'm pretty sure I can think of someone.
  By the end of the day, so.
  David, I think this could be good for you guys.
  And also I know you're thinking like,  Alexis is becoming a major girl boss,  and is she just saying this so she can expand  her home office when I move out?  I actually wasn't thinking that at all.
  Anyway, David,  your boyfriend asked you to move in with him.
  You do it.
  I know.
  Also, do you have like, a time-frame  as to when that might happen?  No, I don't.
  Jazzagals: Yes! Yeah! (Clapping)  Oh my God, so moody.
  Love it! Now, Ronnie?  The line has been changed to,  "I want to kiss you like an animal.
"  I'll remember it on the day.
  I say we wrap things up on a high.
  Ladies, scour your closets for black leather.
  Pleather accepted.
  (Door creaks open)  (Panting) I'm here!  I've got a sitter!  Oh Jocelyn, I'm afraid that dirigible has ascended.
  But I'm here on time.
  Yes you are, but we started an hour early.
  Ronnie has a massage.
  You moved the rehearsal for Ronnie's massage?  Well, it was also conducive to Twyla's schedule.
  It's hard for her to juggle, what with the cafe.
  Oh, is it hard for her? To juggle?  And none of you here thought to tell me  about this little time change?  You said you couldn't make it because of the bebe.
  We could start rehearsal over.
  Ohhh no!  Don't make any changes on my account,  I mean, you've gotta get to the cafe,  and Ronnie's gotta have a massage!  I have sciatica.
  I ran all over town looking for a babysitter!  Oh  Pulled a number off a telephone pole.
  She's a pet sitter, but she said she'd make an exception.
  I don't even know her last name!  Jocelyn, that sounds dangersome.
  I didn't wanna miss this rehearsal!  But do any of you care? Apparently not!  Because all of you have been acting  like bunch of  b-words!  (Jazzagals gasp)  (Receding footstep thud)  Okay.
 Evidently,  one or two of you have gotten under her skin.
  I'll handle it.
  (Door opens) Hey, Johnny?  Our VIP is still in his room,  so we should probably hold off on the turn-down service.
  What turn-down service?  Oh, that's just a little something I've initiated  now that I'm Guest Services Manager.
  I thought you were a liaison.
  No, I gave myself a promotion.
  Hey Stevie, what's the intel?  Uh well, I had a nap,  then a beer,  and now I need $40.
  What are you doing, buying a wedding dress?  Uh, Emir would like me to go to lunch with him.
  What? No!  You don't have to do that! Oh, jeez.
  It's fine, it's just lunch.
  No Stevie, this is going way too far.
  Um, what's going on?  Oh, Johnny's forcing Stevie  into a very uncomfortable situation with a strange man.
  Ugh.
 Okay fine, I'll tap in.
  Who are we talking about?  Emir, and I'm fine to go.
  Stevie, I would go in your place, it's just,  my afternoon is gonna be kinda crazy  with all the turndowns.
 No, I want to go!  So can I just have the $50?  I thought it was $40.
  I also need shampoo.
  Body lice, you know, from the sheets,  that'll get you a bad review.
  I've-I've contracted it a few times, it's not pretty.
  Wow, what I love about this conversation  is how well it goes with lunch.
  Yeah, okay, this is not my A-material.
  But then again, I don't normally ask women out  when I'm on the job.
  Okay, you're telling me  that you review motels for a living,  and you've never met anyone?  Okay, this may shock you, but uh  a lot of the people that you meet in motels  are not exactly like  Not like what?  Well, they're not like you.
  Oh, yeah.
  Smart, charming,  dazzling sense of humor,  I was gonna say modest, but  (Both laugh)  So what brings you to town?  Uh, just driving  to meet my sister  in Florida.
  Anyway, what about you?  Do you like what you do? I do, for the most part.
  You know, I like to keep a low profile  when I'm on the road.
  I find if people know that I'm coming in advance,  they tend to put on a big show,  and I never know what's genuine, so.
  Yeah, that must be tough.
  Okay, I don't even know where to start with this menu.
  I'm a plant.
 (Sighs heavily)  I'm sorry?  You were talking about never knowing what's genuine,  and uh  I can't keep this up.
  I work at the motel,  and my coworkers thought it would be a good idea  for me to like, talk up the motel.
  Uh, but the more we talked, the worse I felt.
  (Exhales)  So you cracked before we even ordered drinks?  Yeah.
 It turns out I'm really bad at this.
  Ah.
 (Laughs)  Anyway, I'll leave you to lunch.
  Wait, wait, whoa, whoa, hang hang on a second.
  Okay, look, the problem is,  I eat most of my meals by myself.
  So when there's a beautiful woman sitting across from me,  even if she is a con artist,  I welcome the company.
  Please.
  Okay.
  Moira: Gals, let's welcome our dear friend Jocelyn  back into the circle.
  Oh, should we be in a circle?  It's not top secret,  we all know Jocelyn has trouble being honest.
  Do we all know that?  Wrong word, okay.
 Authentic.
  I think I can take it from here, Moira.
  All right, then.
  Gals, since the baby,  things have just been really tough.
  That's good, that's good, expand on that.
  Okay, and I feel like sometimes that my voice  isn't being heard in this group.
  Touch louder, Jocelyn.
  Just because I don't ask for your help,  doesn't mean that I don't need it!  Just a little more specific, we're all here to help you.
  Okay, okay, well, Ronnie.
  I know that you've been getting a lot of massages lately,  because they're supposed to help with your bad back,  and stabilize your mood,  but I haven't noticed an improvement!  And sometimes you sing too softly.
  Agree to disagree.
  And Twyla I'm sorry, I'll sing louder.
  Nope, you are singing too loud.
  Wonderful, let it out, Jocelyn.
  And Moira.
  Okay, we can stop it there for today.
  We are all sick and tired of hearing about Bosnia.
  Yep.
 It's Bosnia this,  and "Crows" that, and Blajka  We're just grasping at straws now, Jocelyn.
  But this has been a fruitful exercise,  don't we all feel better?  Look at Twyla, look how moved she is.
  Oh no, I'm fine.
  I've actually seen a few photos of this place,  it looks pretty good.
  Yeah, the facade would indicate otherwise,  but I trust you on this.
 Oh.
  You know, when I moved here and got a room with Ray,  I didn't know how long I was gonna be staying.
  Mhmm And now here we are.
  For me this is bittersweet because on the one hand,  I could lose you as a roommate, Patrick,  but on the other, I would gain the commission.
  (Laughs)  As you can see, this is open concept.
  Oh wow.
 It's good, eh, David?  I thought this was the penthouse.
  Uh, it is the top floor of three floors.
  You said this was a one bedroom.
  It is, in the sense that it's a one bed room.
  Any more beds, and you'd be in trouble.
  Although bunk beds can be fun.
 Fireplace?  Yeah, which I'm sure would heat the room quite quickly,  considering it's just one big  open space.
  I like the exposed brick.
  It's actually a pretty decent size.
  Yeah.
 Speaking of size,  Ray, I've yet to see a closet.
  Is there a is there a walk-in that I'm missing?  Oh, the closet is right over here.
  This is what small-space realtors refer to as,  a "step-in" closet.
  What do you think, David?  It's pretty perfect, huh? Yeah, it's pretty.
  Y-yeah.
    Not to jeopardize our review any further,  but would you mind not blowing my cover?  Don't worry, I got it.
  Look who's back in da house!  Johnny: Safe and sound, Ms.
 Felmington.
  Feeling okay about everything?  That's a weird thing to say,  but yes, I am.
  I turned down your bed for you,  but I didn't have any chocolates,  so I left a doggie bag of pot roast on your pillow.
  Oh.
 Well, that's uh  unnecessarily generous of you, Ro-lahnd.
  You know, I did have a couple of requests, actually.
  Yes, of course.
  I was wondering if Ro-lahnd could make a reservation  at the cafe tonight for Ms.
 Felmington and I?  Uh hm!  Do we have sign off from Ms.
 Felmington?  We do.
 Emir: Great.
  One more thing, you mentioned room service,  I would love an English breakfast tea to the room,  and maybe one for Ms.
 Felmington.
  Oh, absolutely.
  Johnny, Emir would like some tea,  and so would Ms.
 Felmington.
  Yes, and I'll show you where you can find that  Ro-lahnd.
  Mrs.
 Felmington, may I speak with you for a minute?  I'm really tired, can this wait?  Mhmm.
  Thanks.
  Hm.
  So, dinner tonight?  Yeah, yeah, if it's all right with you,  I-I wouldn't mind getting to know the real  Ms.
 Felmington a little more.
  It is all right with me.
  Although it is a little unethical,  just between you and I,  so why don't I go write this review,  and then I won't have to feel guilty later?  Okay.
 Okay? All right.
  After you.
 Oh! Oh! That's  not my room.
  Right, yeah, sorry.
 I didn't mean to.
  I mean, I know it's like the first place  that we've looked at, but  there's just something very homey about it to me.
  Yeah, a sentiment shared by inmates,  after their first couple years in jail.
  Okay, so you hate it.
  No.
 No.
  No, it's just if I've learned anything from "House Hunters",  you always to see the loft space,  the charming English cottage, and the renovated craftsman  that you don't really wanna take,  but the producers are gonna force you to see anyway,  before you make any major decisions.
  Gentlemen, I have one more thing to show you.
  How are we still on this (bleep) tour?!  Just You'll thank me later,  but uh, no more worrying about door open, door closed.
  All you have to do is open the curtain  (Gasps) to the bathroom!  Ray, can we just have a moment?  Absolutely.
 I'll just wait in the bathroom.
  Curtain open, or curtain closed?  Oh, closed! Closed, I think.
  Mhmm.
  Don't worry, we'll be putting a door on there.
  But I don't know if I wanna put a door on the bathroom!  I don't know if I love this place.
  And I'm not just saying that  because the lack of closet space  will inevitably force us to break up,  I just sorta feel like  if we're going to be moving in together,  we should both be totally on board.
  I totally understand, David.
  Good.
  It's just that I was looking at this place like  just for me.
  Oh.
  Okay, it's just that you had said  that we were going to see p-places.
  Right, yeah, so like, more of a general "we".
  Because I knew that you'd be staying over here quite a bit,  and that you'd probably have an opinion about it.
  Sure.
 Well then, you know,  in that case, if this just for you,  and occasionally me, (Laughs)  I think it's cute.
  Wait, does this mean that you were ready to move in with me?  No.
 No? Hmm.
  No, it's a closet space, and a timing thing.
  Uh huh.
 Yeah.
  So you know, maybe we can negotiate down the line  at some point.
 Hmm.
  Ray: I can barely hear your conversation.
  Are we sure we want the door?  Are you sure? Up to you.
  There's a little piece of press you might wanna read.
  Oh, if I've died again, I swear to God!  We are a "must-stay".
 What?!  (Reads) "The Rosebud Motel is a must-stay  for any road-tripper, or weary traveler.
  This charming, lovingly restored,  roadside motel is a welcome pit-stop for anyone  looking for a clean room, and first-rate hospitality.
"  Compared to what, a haunted house?  "In fact, Johnny Rose and his Guest Services manager,  will go almost too far out of their way  to ensure a pleasant stay.
"  How do I sign up for this turn-down service?  Is there a clipboard, or something?      

                




                    			1 (Dog barks)  (Shower splashes)  Johnny: Moira! The water's ice cold!  How long were you in here?!  John, you know my ritual!  Five to ten minutes to let the water warm,  there's the initial scrub,  followed by the deep conditioner,  which must set for 20 minutes,  and finally, the double rinse cycle.
  Well, we can't be doing that anymore, sweetheart!  Our water bill is going through the roof!  Yes, painfully aware of our budgetary constraints, John.
  I'm currently reading a magazine from July, 1987.
  Where do you even find these?  Alexis: So I just signed for this,  so does that mean I get to keep it?  Also, what is it? Oh my God, it's here.
  Give it some room, Alexis! Give what some room?  What exactly are you getting  shipped from "Harrod's of London?"  Family, I'd like to you to meet a dear friend  whom I've yet to meet.
  Give a warm dobrodosli to my red carpet gown  for the "Crows" premiere.
  Moira, you didn't tell me they'd set a date  for the premiere! Yes!  I've been told definitively it will happen,  and I quote, "ideally sometime this year.
"  Okay, there must be some mistake here.
  This is valued at $3,700.
  What?! $3,700?  What designer gave you that kind of discount?  Sadly, it's not custom this time around, Alexis.
  Mommy had to shop off the rack.
  Fortunately, I discovered something called  a "promo code.
" This is a reduced price?  Yes.
 Discount couture, do you believe it?  I'm surprised she made it through customs.
  I once passed off a mini horse and three Guinea pigs  as service animals, so anything is possible.
  Perfect a spot of tea for the unveiling.
  I was actually just boiling water for my bath.
  Does this mean I should start thinking about my look  for the premiere?  TBD on the guest list, Alexis,  but I love your enthusiasm.
  Box? Box.
   David: I'm so glad we're doing this.
  We never get to spend quality time together.
  Also, I've been neglecting my wellness journey,  so the cherry blossoms opening when we both have time off  is really ticking a lot of boxes for me.
  Are you sure the cherry blossoms are even open now?  I mean, I thought that wasn't for another couple weeks.
  Mm, no, no, I called the botanical gardens,  and had the girl send me a photo.
  I learned the hard way from my last trip to Japan.
  Showed up, no cherry blossoms, turned right back around,  it was such a waste.
  Wow, that's a lot of pressure to put on cherry blossoms.
  Well, why else would we be driving to Elm Valley?  Ooh!  Why else would we be driving to Elm Valley, Stevie?  The only other reason I can think of is that  Emir might be there.
  The hotel reviewer that  You had the dirty motel sex with?  Well, when you put it that way it sorta cheapens it,  but yes, he might also be there,  reviewing a hotel.
  But not the hotel that we're going to,  because that would be a crazy coincidence.
  Sorry, I knew you wouldn't come  if you thought you were gonna be a third wheel.
  Okay well, sucks for him,  because I only booked the private garden tour  for two people.
  Okay, I'm just gonna say it.
 Please don't.
  I don't think we're gonna go  No! To the botanical gardens.
  Wow! So this is an abduction, then.
  I am a single woman driving way out of town  to meet a guy I don't know very well!  Well  Once he shows up I'm sure you can still go  to the botanical gardens!  I'm not going to the botanical gardens by myself!  What, am I gonna walk around, and admire the cherry blossoms  alone, like some pervert?!  So if you're gonna meet this guy there,  there where am I staying? I don't do couches!  I got you a separate room.
  A separate room, okay.
  So this has all been premeditated, then.
  You know what, I hope for your sake,  that they have cherry blossoms in prison.
  (Dog barks)  Hey Shannon, what's up?  Ted's in his office, you can just let yourself in.
  Yikes.
  Okay, thank you.
  Hey, I know you're really swamped today,  so I brought you this.
  You can thank me later.
 Oh!  That's decaf, right?  No, that detail actually slipped my mind,  so maybe I'll just take it.
  Oh, almost a sweet gesture, Alexis, thank you.
  You know who's not sweet?  Old Shan out there.
  Okay, first of all Alexis, she's not old,  we went to vet school together.
  And she's actually been really helpful this week.
  To you.
  I'm just gonna say it, Ted.
 Most people are a fan.
  So when someone's not, it's usually on them.
  All right, fine, I, I didn't wanna bring this up,  because it is so not a thing.
  But well, when you and I were broken up,  there was one night where Shannon and I  (Gasps) Oh my God! Ted!  (Sighs) We hooked up.
  Yes you did, you little smooch monster!  Well, we did a lot more than that.
  (Gasps) I'm sorry, should I be jealous?  No! No, no, no, no, no.
 It was just a one-time thing.
  Oh, no.
 No, not "oh no,"  No, I stopped it from going any further.
  Because I thought we were just better off as friends.
  Beep, beep!  Paging Dr.
 Casanova J.
 Heartbreaker.
  Anyway, that's probably why she seems like  she's a little unsure about where she stands with you.
  Well, thank you for telling me that, Ted.
  That makes so much more sense than her not liking me.
  Well, I'm glad that we could clear that up.
  Okay, well, I will see you for lunch then,  "Doctor".
  Yeah, it's funny because I actually am a doctor.
  So am I  No, you're not.
 Just-just Ted.
  Roland: Hey, Johnny!  Johnny! I have some good news for you, my friend.
  Well, I could use some good news,  I might have to take out a mortgage on the dress  my wife just bought.
 Well, uh  you know that little hot water problem you're having?  Yeah?  Well, I've come up with the perfect excuse for you  to buy yourself a brand new hot water heater!  Still waiting for the good news.
  Well, the good news is that my friend Terry  can replace the whole thing for you.
  Replace it? Mhmm.
  Well, how much is that gonna cost?  I did a little negotiating with Terry,  and he says you can have it for $4,200.
  $4200?! Right.
  Unless you want it installed.
  Well, of course I want it installed, Roland!  Okay, well, that's gonna be $5,500.
  Okay, you know what?  I can't afford to throw away money like that.
  Oh, come on, this coming from the guy who was just bragging  about taking out a mortgage to pay for his wife's dress!  I wasn't bragging! Ohhh  Moira: Well, hello!  Is it just me, or is there a faint scent of honeysuckle  in the air?  Yeah, it might be Johnny's aftershave.
  I'm-I'm sorry, it is pungent.
  And John, I tried to hang up my gown,  and thank God I caught it before that silly curtain rod  came crashing down!  Don't worry about it, we'll get you a new one.
  As soon we get uh, "El Tightwad" here  to loosen up the purse strings.
  John, give this man a raise!  And when dear, did our room become so moist?  I'm off to get a dehumidifier, but I will see you at lunch.
  (Sighs)  (Cars rumble)  (Horn honks)  (Muzak plays, phone rings)  Oh, is that him?  No.
 Okay.
  What about the person David, I would tell you  if I saw him!  Also, that's rude!  Okay, it's just that your type is very inconsistent.
  What time was he supposed to show up, anyway?  Two hours ago.
  And we're sure this is the right hotel?  He's not coming.
 I'm an idiot.
  Well, I guess the good thing to come out of this abduction  is that if anyone knows how to crawl out from under  an embarrassing romantic failure, it's me.
  So I say we drop our bags,  go straight to the botanical gardens,  take in some cherry blossoms,  then sleep it off, and go home fresh tomorrow.
  What time was the tour again?  Oh, David, I'm so sorry.
  If this wasn't so humiliating for you,  I think I'd be in a darker headspace right now,  but since it is  the hotel bar has karaoke,  I say we get several rounds of polar bear shots,  load up some Mariah,  and I will spend the rest of the night  pretending not to resent you.
  Okay.
  I'll get the first round.
  Oh, you'll be getting every round.
  (Sighs)  Alexis: Oh my God, Shan! You still here?  Have you not taken lunch?  I've just been pretty busy.
  Ugh, same.
  Can I get a "hell yeah" for two hard-working women  in the 21st Century?  (Weak laugh)  Anyway, I think that we both know  that things are a bit off between us,  and I understand why.
  Ted told me all about your little  Mmm! Muah! Muah!  And it's like not a big deal.
  Okay.
  Alexis, that's-that's such a relief.
  And oh! Honestly, between us,  it was just a drunken one-time thing,  and I told him we'd be better off as friends.
  Oh.
  Did you tell him that after he told you that?  Sorry?  Ted: Alexis.
 Right on time.
  You're telling me, I was just having a chat with Shan.
  Clearing the air about that little trip  you two took to pound town.
  Alexis! Whoa!  Okay, let's remember this is still a place of work.
  Look, I don't know about you, Shannon,  but I am so glad we did this.
  Had I not talked to her, I never would've found out  that she called it off.
  Maybe I will go for lunch.
 Well, just, um, one minute.
  Again, not that it matters,  you know, but uh, the day after we  um, we were supposed to meet up at the 5k for Feral Cats,  and I never followed up so.
  Oh! Yeah, it totally doesn't matter.
 No.
  But I also never followed up.
  So when we saw each other the next weekend  at the opening of Bronwyn's Exotic Animal Clinic,  I assumed you'd gotten the hint.
  Okay, well, that's what I assumed, so  Okay, not to interject, but I assumed  that this would play out in a much more interesting way.
  So for the sake of time,  um, I'm just gonna go with Shannon's version of things.
  Shannon, can we get you anything while we're out?  Uh, I'm not sure that we actually quite finished  the conversation.
 Oh, it's okay, Ted.
  Because the important thing is,  that Shannon and I had a breakthrough.
  Yeah, but I'm just not really sure where we landed on  Mhmm, yeah.
 On the whole  Shh! Shh! Shh! Shh! Okay.
  (Country music plays)  When it comes to water heater repairs,  you don't need electrical experience to check,  or replace the heating elements.
  Great.
  The only thing you need to do   is make sure the power is off before you perform any tests   Okay, where's the power switch?  I need the power switch, okay, hold on, hold on.
  Find the circuit breaker Power?  I can't get to the circuit breaker until-hold on!  Slow slow-hold on!  Hold-st-stop! (Tutorial keeps talking)  Rewind! How do you rewind?!  Where's the manual?!  Oh Johnny, there you are!  I've been looking all over for you.
  Urgent question.
 Um  what's our policy on smoke breaks?  Who's taking a smoke break? I am.
  You don't smoke.
 Yeah, I know.
  And I don't think I should be penalized for that.
  Roland, I'm kinda busy right now with the water heater.
  Johnny, I don't think kicking  that thing is really gonna help.
  LOL.
  Okay, I'm trying to follow the video here,  it says it's for beginners.
  Yeah well, I think you got the right video there.
  But don't you think something like that should be handled  by professionals, Johnny? Like, maybe Terry?  Roland, you know something?  There's a lot going on with the family right now,  and if there's an economical way for me to deal with this,  without pumping more money into it,  then that's what I'm gonna do!  Johnny, let me tell you something.
  That is not the place to cut corners.
  Okay? What you need to do is re-examine  your extravagant lifestyle.
  What are you talking about?  Well, not all of us can drive around in an 8 cylinder car.
  It's a '78 Lincoln, and it's all we could afford!  Right, '78.
 Vintage.
 Okay!  Roland, do you mind if I get back to work?!  Yeah, no problem, I've got to go on my smoke break.
  (Sighs, loud clang)  As time goes on  (Song ends) (Half-hearted applause)  Wow, for someone who can barely stand,  she sounds good.
  How are we feeling?  All things considered, I'm feeling better.
  Good.
 I'm gonna see if they have more Mariah,  the first three songs were just a warm-up.
  (Chuckles)  (Nervous exhale)  Oh.
 Hi.
  I'm so sorry.
  A student driver rear-ended me on the way over here,  it was a whole thing.
 He started crying.
  We had to exchange insurance information.
  His mom was there.
  You couldn'tve called?  I thought I was stood up.
  The student driver has my phone, and I have his.
  We didn't give them back to each other  after we exchanged info.
  So if you wanna know what's on a 16 year old's smartphone,  I could offer you that.
  No, thank you.
  Yeah, that's probably for the best.
  Okay, good news, they have "Fantasy,"  which means that you get to play Ol' Dirty Bastard.
  Oh, are-are you here with someone?  Uh, no.
 Oh! Ohhh  Oh um, no.
  We just ran into each other at the bar.
  Um, long story short, I took a pottery class with this one.
  (Laughs falsely)  Oh, uh, I'm Emir.
  Oh, Dane a.
 Dana.
 Dana?  Yeah, so I run-I run the karaoke at the hotel.
  Hmm.
 Yeah.
  Uh, Stevie, I know I'm two hours late,  but can I still take you to dinner,  or have I blown it?  Oh, you've blown it.
  But I'll still take a free dinner.
  I can work with that, okay.
 Okay.
  Mhmm.
 Okay!  Um, I'm just gonna settle up my tab,  I'll meet you outside.
 Okay, yeah.
  Uh, nice to meet you, Dana.
  Yes, thanks.
  Why don't you just come with us?  I already made you miss the botanical gardens.
  I can't leave you here.
  Okay, honestly, I'm gonna be really exhausted  after my set anyways, so  I'll probably just go to bed.
  Are you sure?  No, so get outta here before I change my mind.
  Thank you.
 Okay.
  Unnecessary, but  Keep the mics hot, I'm comin' in!  (Loud whirring)  Moira? We need to talk, sweetheart.
  I'm sorry dear, is your mouth moving?  Could you uh, turn off the dehumidifier for a second?  Because I can't possibly  hear you over the sound of the dehumidifier!  Oh, just-just turn off  (Beeping, whirring stops)  So, it looks like in addition to the water heater,  we're gonna have to replace some of the plumbing.
  And the water is so hard,  that Terry said that it's likely in the next little while  we might also need a new  water softener.
  John, I'm sorry you've had such a hard day.
  Yeah On the upside,  this gown has exceeded all expectations.
  Yeah, well that's good, sweetheart,  that's that's good.
 It's just that um,  you know, with all these costs piling up,  we might need to take a hard look at uh,  some of our recent uh purchases.
  I told Alexis now is not the time  to expand that home office.
  Not with the price of ink today.
  Yeah Moira, look.
  The last thing I want to do is uh  rain on your parade,  but I think for the next little while,  any money coming in should probably  be for the family.
  This dress is for the family.
  To remind us that our futures lie outside this town.
  It feels these days like I'm the only one  who hasn't veered off course.
  Well, no one's veering off course, Moira,  we're all just uh taking a different approach.
  The ceremonial purchase of the gown  has always been my good luck charm.
  Well, from everything you've told us about this movie,  Moira, it sounds like for the first time in a long time,  you may not need any luck.
  Oh, John! Thank you for that.
  And know that you've been heard!  Good.
  (Beeps, loud whirring)  Ted: You know, Alexis, I've been thinking about it,  and I'm really glad that you and Shannon  were able to get everything out in the open.
  Me too.
 We're actually grabbing drinks tomorrow.
  Great, yeah, you know, and I-I  I care way more about that than any of the details  of how we ended things,  or even whether they were accurate.
  It seems like it was just like a little miscommunication  on your part, is all.
  Yeah well, uh, Shannon aside,  I think it's important that I tell you  that there were a few others before Heather.
  And there may have been  a couple of broken hearts along the way.
  Whatever you say, Ted.
  Yeah it's actually kinda funny,  because I was just going through my phone,  you know, to make some space, and then I came across  this little back and forth from a while ago.
  I believe you, Ted.
  You're still Dr.
 Casanova to me.
  Okay, well, the tone of your voice  makes it seem like you don't believe a word you're saying.
  Okay, Ted!  (Clears her throat)  (Reads) "Dear Melanie.
"  Melanie? Is this the girl from the falafel place?  Yeah, I don't think that's relevant.
  Ahem.
 "I've had a lot of fun hanging out with you,  and I really  fal-awful saying this over text,  but I'm just not feeling strongly enough to take  this to the next level.
 I'm sorry.
"  Pretty harsh.
 But it had to be done.
  And then um, she wrote  Oh, it doesn't matter what she wrote.
 "Cool!" Exclamation mark.
  And it looks like you ended up walking her dog for her?  (Sighs) Well, she seemed really upset.
  Listen Ted,  I've gone through enough heartbreakers for like,  two people's lifetimes.
  And I don't want that anymore.
  I want you.
  And that cute lil' butt.
  David and Tammy:  Ohhhh  Oh! Oh!  Yes, Tammy! Tammy, everybody!  It's Tammy! Yeah!  (Gasps) Stevie, hi!  Oh  Hi! Hi.
  So Emir asked me if I wanted to stay the night.
  Ohhhh! (Laughs drunkenly)  That sounds promising.
  Yeah.
 Um, I thought you were gonna go to bed?  Oh no, I was, but then Tammy kept buying shots,  and the whole room got behind me in like, a really big way.
  Anyway, I have seven more songs to finish,  and some new fans who would be very disappointed  if I don't close the show.
  Oh, Dana! Or is it David? Huh?  Listen, I just wanted you to know that Stevie told me  what you did for her tonight.
  You know, giving up your evening,  so that we could have some time together.
  Anyway, it was really cool of you to do it,  is what I'm saying, and not just because um  we get to have a little sleepover because of it.
  (Makes retching sound, laughs)  So to say thank you, I took care of your room charges.
  Oh my God! Hello!  Um, hi! Can I get another drink then,  to the room, please? Thanks!  I actually just meant like, your mini-bar.
  Oh no, I finished that.
 Hey, Tam!  You want some zhampagne?!  Yeah, two please, drinks.
  Okay, um what do you say we get up there,  maybe do a little duet? I feel like that's the kind of thing  you'd be totally comfortable with, right?  Mhmm Yeah, love that.
  I think it's best if you guys just sat down, and watched.
  Oh, okay.
 Next time.
  Yeah.
 Mhmm.
 Off the hook for now.
  Uno, Tammy! I think I'm going to do this one by myself.
  Oh! Thank you so much, though.
  We'll call you back.
 Wow.
  See you soon.
 I would like to dedicate this one  to the lovers right over there!  Okay And, goodnight.
  David: The la-la-lovers Cue it up!  Okay, are you coming out?  Can you stop yelling, please?!  I had 14 polar bear shots last night.
  Moira, do you want us to close our eyes?  (Door latch clicks)  (Dress rustles)  Oh my God.
  Moira, it's gorgeous.
  Wasn't it shown with a veil?  Oh, the veil's on its way.
  Well, now that I see it on you, I understand!  I feel like I'm waiting for the limo  to take us to your next red carpet event!  Well, sweetheart, if that's  if that's the dress you want, then, uh  It is.
 But you're right, John, it's not the time.
  So before I send her back, take a mental picture.
  (Sighs)  And perhaps an actual picture as well?  Anyone have a camera? Oh.
  Yes, yes.
 Oh yes.
  Gimme like, a mm! Mm!  (Camera clicks) Like, arm.
  Oh! Okay.
  Yeah, got it? (Camera clicks)  Okay, that's it.
  And if all goes to plan, we'll meet again on the red carpet.
  Ideally, sometime this year.
  And those are the shoes we're going with?  What do you think? No.
  Shoes, later.
 As well as jewels.
  (David and Alexis gasp) What?!      

                




                    			(Birds chirp, car rumbles)  David, what time is Patrick's housewarming tonight?  Hmm, you'll have to ask him.
  He told me he doesn't want my help,  so I'm just gonna play the supportive partner,  and watch him fail.
  Okay, it's just that if Ted and I are gonna be  fashionably late, we need to know when it starts.
  Jocelyn: There you are, Alexis! (Laughs)  Good morning, Roses.
 Jocelyn, Roland.
  Look at you, positively flushed with motherly glow.
  We've just been running around looking for Alexis.
  That's so sweet; what's up?  Remember that time that you told me  you'd be there for me if I ever needed you?  I don't think that was me.
  Well, our babysitter for tonight just canceled on us,  and we were gonna have dinner,  and uh, a couples massage.
  But unfortunately, the couple that massages us  can only do it once a month, so  Hmm, no.
 Um  well, I totally would think about it,  but I have a housewarming thing tonight.
  Jocelyn and Roland: Ohhh  David?  Is Patrick also going to that housewarming party?  Patrick's throwing the party, unfortunately.
  Well Rollie, we're just gonna have to cancel.
  Because we have asked literally everyone.
  (Groans) Oh, jeez.
  Thanks anyways, Roses.
  (Roland groans) Moira: Sorry.
  Well, that was weird.
  Seriously.
 A nighttime couples massage,  what is this, 1985?!  No! They asked everyone at the table except us,  we're sitting right here!  They're not going to ask someone of your age, John.
  We raised two kids.
  "Raised" might be a stretch.
  Our nursery was in a different wing of the house.
  It was a design flaw.
 I'm a light sleeper.
   John, you're not still working on that  cumbersome laundry hamper?  I told you, it's a playpen, Moira.
  I was hoping you were joking.
  No.
 After Roland and Jocelyn's  little oversight this morning,  I took it upon myself to offer our services.
  Why in God's name would you do that?!  It's a principle thing.
  Roland and Jocelyn don't think we can take care of a kid.
  That's an argument I'm willing to lose.
  So now I have go to Ronnie's by myself.
  What?  I told you, the Lifetime Network  is re-airing the movie I did with Joyce DeWitt.
  Remember? "Not Without My Cousin.
"  And Ronnie's TV gets that channel,  I told you this, John!  Or at least I'm telling you now.
  Okay, well then, have fun.
  I'm more than capable  of looking after this kid myself.
  John, my sweet husband.
  We have nothing to prove as parents.
  We did our best for our children.
  Yeah, we were there most weeknights.
  For at least a couple of hours.
  Unless we were out for the evening.
  Yeah, or jetting around.
  Or if it was a really long day.
  Yeah, no, no, I'm not the least bit concerned, Moira.
  (Knocking)  Besides, if Roland can look after a baby,  anyone can.
  Hey, Jocelyn.
  Jocelyn: Hi, Johnny.
 Roland: Hi, Johnny.
  Jocelyn: Thank you so much, Johnny,  it just would've never occurred to us to ask you.
  Are you sure you're up for this?  Oh, he'll be fine, honey,  And if he does find himself completely lost,  and believe me, he will,  he will have  the baby binder to hold his hand.
  Right here, Johnny.
  Okay, well, here goes nothing.
  Yeah.
 I don't know why, I'm just  I'm having a hard time letting go.
  I've got him.
 I've got him, Jocelyn.
  Oh, okay, okay.
 Well, I know why.
  It's because you don't trust the guy, and believe me,  I don't either, but we're in this now, so  try not think about it.
 Okay  Wow, Moira.
  Looking so elegant for a night of babysitting.
  Just dressed to the nines in choking hazards.
  Sadly, Jocelyn, I won't be here this evening to intercede.
  Oh wow, so it's just gonna be Johnny,  alone with our precious miracle baby?  Uh honey,  come on, we're gonna be late for our massage.
  You know Ron and Linda like to do those stretches  before they get us on the table, so  I'll be thinking about all of you during my massage.
  No, no need for that, Roland.
  Okay Johnny, just don't do anything I wouldn't do.
  Jocelyn: Love you!  What? Whoop! Whoop!  (Door slams) Boop boop be boop!  (Bird caws)  (Sighs)  (Sighs heavily)  Wow.
 What are those?  These are party shots.
  Hmm You ever had one before?  No, nope.
  Fine, once.
  Twice.
  Fine, I had a tray in Cancun.
  Okay, well they kinda go with my overall theme  of a good old-fashioned high school slumber party, so.
  Mhmm, I still don't know why you were so quick  to dismiss my theme idea.
  Where is anybody gonna find  glass-blown Venetian masks around here?  Besides, people are kind of excited  about the high school idea.
  Okay.
 Walk me through the high school idea.
  Models and teen actors are just gonna lounge around  in their bras and thongs,  and take Polaroids of themselves all night?  What was your high school experience like?  What was yours like?  Besides, where are we going to find a salad bowl of E  this last minute?  You know, I think this could be kind of a  a fun opportunity for you to rewrite your past a little bit.
  Mhmm.
  It's just that my parents have spent like,  an astounding amount of money on therapy  to try to do that already.
  So forgive me for not wanting to run back into the fire.
  What happened to you?  Nothing, really, I just didn't like it.
  (Gasps)  Mm.
 Okay.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
  (Slurps)  You might have to make more of those.
  That's right.
 That's very nice.
  (Dog barks)  (Keys jingle)  (Ted sighs)  (Keys jingle)  Honey, I'm home.
  Oh, shouldn't I be the one saying that?  A little something to celebrate  the end of the week.
  Yeah Whoop!  Uh, except it's Neuterpalooza week at work,  and I still have two days  of spaying and neutering ahead of me.
  Oh, let's stop saying "neutering",  'cause it's killing my buzz!  This is so silky.
  Yeah, it's my dad's housecoat from storage.
  I was thinking we could go as Hef, R.
I.
P.
,  and a Playboy Bunny.
  Isn't the theme high school slumber party?  It is.
  My best friend, Summer, used to date Hef in high school,  which isn't as weird as it sounds,  'cause he was like, a very young 77.
  Uh okay, don't be mad, but  Ted, no!  I have to perform surgery on people's pets like,  first thing in the morning.
  Why'd you have to pick this weekend?  You know how much I always look forward  to Patrick's house parties.
  Isn't this his first one?  Okay, fine.
  I guess I'll just finish my drink, and  wander over there dressed like this,  and see what happens.
  Well, I mean,  maybe you don't need to leave just yet.
  Snip, snip, Mr.
 Mullens!  I was just hoping you could make an exception.
  Let loose for one night.
  Next time.
 I promise.
  (Crickets chirp)  Moira: Well, I'm off.
 (Baby cries)  All right, have fun, sweetheart.
  You realize the bebe is crying.
  I do, yes.
  Isn't it scheduled to be dormant by now?  I'll figure it out, Moira.
  You have the binder.
 Yes.
  Yes.
 Ooh!  I think I just found the issue.
  It might be in the diaper.
  Oh, it was the bebe.
 I'm so relieved!  Yeah, I think they left extra diapers.
  They assumed we'd take care of it.
  You wanna grab the rubber gloves?  They're Tom Ford, John, no!  And they wouldn't fit you anyway.
  The cleaning gloves under the sink!  Oh! Yes.
  (Baby wails)  (Groans)  And, there.
  Oh, it looks like Jocelyn's  left you some nice chapter tabs.
  Uh, it's saying here that you should  wipe counter-clockwise direction, ah  flip it, if you can flip it.
  The baby? It doesn't say.
  Honestly, Moira, just go! I'll be fine.
  I'm not sure you will be, John.
  It's not like the old days when we could just call Adelina,  and have her rush home from her daughter's wedding.
  You're gonna miss your screening.
  I'll go after the first commercial break.
  That's when the action happens anyway,  when my cousin and I begin  our backpack through Lebanon.
  What else does the binder say?  Oh my God, John!  Don't forget to wash its hands!  Okay.
  (Dog barks)  Okay, my turn.
 Ahem!  Hmm, never have I ever pretended to be  a pizza delivery person so I could get  into Jared Leto's Halloween party.
  You're a bitch.
  My mom was engaged to two pizza delivery guys.
  Can that count? 'Cause I am really thirsty.
  Stevie!  Uh, um  Never have I ever  Sorry, I'm just trying to think of something  I haven't done.
 Okay.
  How long did you envision this game going on for?  Because never have I ever been so bored.
  Aw, I'm sorry, David, when I suggested the game,  I didn't expect that you'd be drinking quite so much.
  Eating out of the garbage?  Okay, I did that in front of you last night.
  Now, as a participant, if we don't change the game soon,  I'm gonna get very drunk.
 Oh.
  (Knocking) Yep?  Hey! (Laughing) All: Oh! There he is! Yay!  God, what are you doing here?  Hey, sweetie.
  You were right, we deserve a night out.
  So, I just pushed all my morning appointments.
  Which will be fine, I guess,  it just means that I'll be staying up 'til 1:00 A.
M.
  on a Saturday, spaying with a pretty shaky hand.
  Mm, that's so cute.
 What can I get you to drink?  Oh no, don't worry about that.
  After you used all of my booze for your punch,  the only alcohol left in my fridge  was a few of your rum, raspberry, coconut coolers.
  So I polished them off, and  it tasted like burnt plastic, and I regretted it instantly.
  Woman: Hi, Ted!  Only you would wear a little robe,  and little slippers to a high school slumber party.
  Oh, no, no, no.
 This is just so that I didn't get cold  on the way over.
  All right! (Partygoers cheer)  What is the game, because I'm up!  Ohh! Wow.
  Oh! Okay  Ted: Twyla!  I'm not sure if it's just the punch, but  he could get it!  Stevie, that's disgusting.
  Ted, can I get you a party shot?  Cool! Okay.
  David? Wow.
  Yeah.
 We have orange  I'll take that.
 Yellow  (Blows a kiss)  Hey! Do you wanna put Emir away for a hot sec,  so this game can keep going, and the party can end soon?  Oh, I'm good.
 I don't wanna kiss anyone here.
  My sister's sitting in the circle,  You think I'm dying to play?  Thank you very much.
  (Sighs)  (Alexis claps)  (Gasps)  Ohh!  (Gasps) Oh!  (Laughs) Okay!  Babe, did you rig this?  Maybe I did, and maybe I did!  Ooh! (Laughs)  Okay, go crazy, babe.
 Mhmm.
  All right, who's the lucky lady?  That's offensive.
 Okay, anyway, re-spin!  Yeah, it actually looks like it sorta landed  between two people.
 No, no, no, no!  I know exactly who it landed on.
  Oh, Ted! That's not okay.
  Man, come here, big guy!  Mmmph! Partygoers: (Shocked gasps)  Muah! (Laughs)  Oh my (bleep) God.
  (Partygoers laugh)  It looks like the punch needs a refill.
  Oh hey, I could use a refill too, big guy.
  Okay, I don't know where "big guy" is coming from,  but it needs to stop.
  Um, I don't know about you, but I smell drama.
  Twyla: Okay, my turn!  Moira: (In movie) You know Helen, despite everything  Oh, if it weren't for Joyce Dewitt  insisting on wearing those pigtails,  this movie could've been a hit!  We're supposed to be astrophysicists,  it just takes you out of it.
  And yet, she, she gets the close up!  Well, that was shocking.
 I know, right?  And I get the aerial shot for my love scene.
  No, no, I'm talking about the kid.
  To think this little thing could  create so much destruction.
  Oh, you've completed the diaper substitution.
  Aren't you the Sephardic Mr.
 Clean!  Well, I did the kid, but I'm not doing the bathroom.
  It appears you may need a change yourself, Mr.
 Rose.
  What is that on your shoulder?  Oh Moira, he spit up on me.
  (Baby gurgles)  And he's spit up in the playpen!  Ew! That cannot be good, John!  Its body is ejecting things, what did you do to it?!  Nothing! I-I changed his diaper, that's all.
  Well, perhaps you've swaddled its abdomen too tightly,  Or maybe it's allergic to something.
  John, did you feed it shellfish?  What did you do?!  I've gotta wipe him up, and change his clothes again.
  For all we know, it's got crawling pneumonia.
  Oh, he doesn't have crawling pneumonia, Moira!  I don't want to say I told you so,  but this is an infelicitous burden.
  I could be at Ronnie's right now,  preparing for the post-screening Q&amp;A.
  Well then, go to Ronnie's!  Because I've gotta get him a change of clothes.
  Well, at least put the gloves back on.
  John, it says right here,  spitting up is normal.
  Jocelyn's written, "Spit happens.
"  Very clever.
  For Jocelyn.
  (Moira's talks in movie)  Partygoers: (Grunting noises)  Oh my God, they just need to chill.
  David: Okay, I'm done.
  Who chose this theme, anyway?  It was a mistake.
  (Sighs) What are you guys doing over here?  You remind me of me at a high school house party  judging all the attractive and popular kids  for being attractive and popular.
  David, do you have anything you wanna say  to me and Patrick? Actually, yes.
  Now, as an attractive and popular kid  at a house party, I can confidently say,  it's very fun.
 That's it?  That's all you have to say?  What's going on here?  Mm, things got effed,  and we're not having fun anymore.
  For what it's worth, I'm having a great time.
  You're like a tsetse fly.
  Where's your cell phone boyfriend?  On my cell phone.
 Okay.
  You're not having fun?  I don't know David, sure.
  What exactly did I do wrong here?  Oh, I don't know.
 David,  mmm, was it the time you kissed my boyfriend?  Or was it the time you kissed my boyfriend?  I think it was the time you kissed her boyfriend.
  Okay, he kissed me!  And I was just told to have some fun.
  So I played the game.
  I'm sorry that the bottle landed on me.
  Hm, technically it landed between you and Stevie, so.
  Yeah.
  Okay, so you're upset about this as well, then?  Looks like it.
 Patrick: No, I'm not!  I'm not upset.
 I just, I guess I wonder  how you would react if the tables were turned.
  Yeah David, like, what would you do  if Patrick and I suddenly kissed at a party?  Yeah.
 Or Patrick and me.
  Okay, we're done with you.
  It was spin the bottle!  If Patrick was wasted, and spun the bottle,  and it landed on you, and you guys kissed,  I wouldn't care.
 You're lying, David.
  Okay, is that what needs to happen  to clear the air here? You guys need to kiss?  David, let's not be dramatic.
 Yeah, maybe it does.
  What? Well, by all means.
  I think it's actually more the principle of the thing  Okay, here we go.
 Hmm!  (Sighs) Is that really  Uh huh.
  Mmm! Mmmm!  (Smooching sounds)  Mmmmmmmm!  Yum.
 That was fun.
  Hey, are we spinning more bottles?  Uh, was that fun for you guys?  That like, satisfying? I was never not okay.
 So.
  It was really good for me.
  I say we play truth or dare.
  Oh Stevie, I'm in!  Oh no, Ted.
  Get your housecoat and your other slipper.
  It is time to go.
  You got it, big guy.
 Okay.
  Okay.
 Sorry.
 I'm sorry.
  Good game!  (Crickets chirp)  Look at him.
  Awful peaceful when he's sleeping.
  (Moira talks in movie)  Well, we did it, sweetheart.
  And, uh  what do you think we've learned here today?  That Adelina was grossly underpaid.
  No, I mean, we could've been good,  hands-on parents if we wanted to.
  We've got it in us.
  That was never in question, John.
  I'm even more convinced that our hands-off approach  served them better.
  Moira: (In movie) I'll go, but not without my cousin!  That had its moments.
  When it shone, it shone brightly.
  And I have to hand it to DeWitt.
  She had a real breakthrough during the denouement.
  I believe she believed we were cousins.
  (Soft knocking)  John? (Snoring)  (Light taps) (TV shuts off)  Roland: Oh, hello! Moira: Shh! Shh! Shh!  Greet what?! Shh!  What? I just put him down!  Oh my gosh, you got little Roland Jr.
 to sleep?  Oh no, I'm talking about John.
  Oh.
  No, Roland's been asleep for quite some time.
  And everything was fine? No major problems?  He is a slice of meringue, Jocelyn.
  You know, I don't know if uh  I'm just all zen'd out from an hour and a half  of Linda's magic fingers on me,  but I can actually see myself leaving Roland Jr.
  With you people more often.
  Ah!  Well, that something Linda might want to massage  right out of your mind, the next appointment.
  I actually have Ron the next time,  we like to mix it up a little bit.
  And with that, I believe your little inchling  is out past its curfew.
  Oh, you get the binger, I'll get the baby.
  Okay.
  Ohh, jeez.
  Look at him.
  You know, I almost think I like him better asleep than awake.
  (Johnny grunts) He's on my side.
  Bye bye.
  (Door slams) What?  Oh, shh!  (Garbage bag rustles)  (Garbage clatters)  Ahem! I'm just gonna take the garbage out.
  Okay.
  Yeah, and if I don't come back,  it's probably because I've run off with Ted.
  Thanks for the heads up.
  We're just gonna go for a ride,  see where it takes us.
  Maybe start a vet clinic somewhere along the way.
  He'll the animals back to heath, I'll  offer grooming services.
  Okay, you know what?  Maybe I overreacted for a second.
  I was just talking to Alexis,  and we sorta wound each other worked up.
  And Stevie didn't help.
 Stevie never helps.
  So I didn't love seeing my boyfriend  kissing some other guy.
  I'm sorry, are you saying you were jealous?  David, I'm not playing this game with you.
  No, you just said you didn't like  seeing your boyfriend kissing another guy.
  Okay, fine.
 He's a handsome guy.
  I might've been a little jealous.
  So, you think he's handsome then?  What? (Sighs) He's like-he goes to the gym.
  Goes to the gym? Oh my God.
  Wow, okay, so when you said you were jealous,  were you saying you were jealous of him,  or jealous of me?  Because I thought you were saying you were jealous of him.
  Both?  Not the answer I was looking for.
  Hey.
  Mhmm?  I wonder what would've happened  if we had met in high school.
 Hmm.
  Well, unless you were into candy ravers  with asymmetrical haircuts  and a lot of pacifier necklaces,  I think our paths crossed at the right time.
  How jealous, though?  Why don't you take out the garbage?  How jealous were you? Nope!  Scale of one to ten.
  Like, enraged, or Bye, bye.
  Like fuming, did you sweat?  That was fun.
 Yes  That was really fun.
 Did you have fun? Yes.
  Did everyone had fun? Yes, Ted.
  That's good, it's good that everyone had fun.
  Okay, you still have your slippers on,  Yeah, I know, sometimes my feet get really cold  when I drink too much.
 It's not a thing.
  Okay, well, gimme a kiss.
 No!  You kissed my brother tonight,  I'm not kissing you after you kissed my brother.
  Pffft! Who kissed your brother?  Okay, it's time for "Fun Ted" to just pass out.
  No, he's not even tired.
 In fact, if anything,  I'd say he's only becoming more fun.
  Okay.
 Okay! Okay! Okay!  I think we should just like, sleep it off.
  Okay, okay, okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
  But first just give your brother a kiss.
  Ew, Ted, Ew! Come on.
  Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!  Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! That's you.
      

                




                    			1 Roland: Oh Johnny, I wish you had told us  it was uh, movie day.
  Stevie and I could've come up  with some good recommendations for you.
  What are we gonna watch,  a silent movie from your childhood?  It's not movie day, Roland.
  We're watching an instructional video  on professional workplace etiquette,  and it's clear from the stain on your top  that things have gotten just a little lax around here.
  (Sighs)  I made this at Rose Video a while back,  but uh, I think you'll find it holds up pretty well.
  Male Narrator: Employee Health and Safety Series.
  Moira: (on video) Where is it? Let's see.
  Oh wow, this looks like the videos  Joce and I used to make.
  Just focus on the content, Roland.
  Moira: (on video): "Q, R, S," ah!  There it is.
  Here, let me help you with that.
  Excuse me, Emilio!  Pause.
  That kind of physical touch is inapprop-ri-rate.
  Let's rewind, and try again.
  And now they're gonna come and do it again! (Laughing)  (Rewinding sounds)  Where is it? Let's see.
  "Q, R, S," oh!  There it is.
  Here, let me help you with that.
  Is this what you were looking for?  A double-cassette of the "Best Body Swaps  of Sunrise Bay", Season 21?  Yes, thank you.
  I've been asked to retrieve it for a customer  with wonderful taste.
  I value you as a fellow employee.
  Perhaps you'd like to meet outside of work  for a dinner at my place?  Fast forward!  Oh! (Snickers) Jesus.
  Well, it's somewhat dated, but uh  I think the principles of etiquette  are still applicable today.
  Hm.
 Pretty timeless.
 Yeah.
   (Birds chirp)  No, I'm not gonna be the one to tell her.
  Tell me what?  No, it's not about you, Moira.
  Well, is it about Twyla needing to pick up the pace  on that solo? What?  No, it's about the Poison concert tonight  being canceled at the casino.
  And that's a problem because?  Jocelyn's been looking forward to it for weeks.
  This is her one night out.
  Not to worry.
 If she's anything like I was  with a little moppet in the house,  she'll find any ruse to escape for an evening.
  The Poison concert was merely a device.
  (Latch clicks, door creaks)  Uh oh, ladies!  Somebody better call Poison Control,  because tonight's gonna be  Nothin' but a good time!   Yeah, I'm not gonna be the one to oh, okay.
  Jocelyn, you might want to take a seat.
  Oh no, there's no time for that.
  No, no, we have to rehearse our Poison medley.
  Because when Rikki Rockett makes direct eye contact  with you during "Talk Dirty to Me",  you are gonna want to talk dirty back!  Oh gals, this is getting painful.
  Jocelyn, wonderful news! They've refunded the price  of your ticket for tonight's concert.
  What? But I don't want a refund.
  No, the show got pushed.
  Looks like they double-booked Poison with The Doodlebops.
  And the casino just sent out an apology.
  Well, what are we supposed to do now?!  I didn't pump for four hours straight  to get on a chartered bus  to go to the end of the street and back!  We could go to the cafe.
  Oh! Well, do they have a smoke machine at the cafe?!  No, but I can ask George to burn something on the grill.
  Moira: This is just sad.
  Why can't we still go to the casino?  If I'm holding the truth stick,  I was never planning to attend the concert anyway.
  I never pegged you for a gambling kind of gal, Moira.
  Oh, I'm not above a naughty night of debauchery.
  When Condi Rice, and Sharon Stone and I,  used to make our annual casino sojourn  to Ho Chi Minh City,  well, let's just say, toi khong bao gio thua.
  Okay, but it's been a really long time  since I've spun that roulette wheel.
  And this is the only casino I haven't been banned from  as an unaccompanied minor.
  Well, do we still have a reservation  at Bucky's Fried Chicken House?  Yes, but I wouldn't let that stop us!  (Ronnie and Twyla laugh)  Alexis: So you just plug in the information,  and then it creates the website for you.
  So what exactly am I paying you for, then?  I'm your brand consultant, David.
  I'm consulting with you on which template to use.
  (Patrick laughs)  Sorry, I'm just distracted, there's a guy over there  currently flirting with my boyfriend.
  (Gasps) Poor thing.
 I know.
  No, I meant you, David.
  Oh hi, are you finding everything you're looking for?  Um, actually, I was wondering  if I could have a pen and paper?  Hm, you planning on doing some journaling?  Alexis: Hmm.
  (Giggles)  There you go.
 Thank you.
  (Bell on door jingles)  Um score, Patrick!  Look at you, just drowning in other people's phone numbers.
  Who was that hunk with the teeny-weeny little polo?  His name is Ken.
 Ken!  Just when I thought it was impossible  to find a thirty-something named Ken!  Oh, I think he looked younger than 30.
  Get fucked Alexis!  What exactly did Ken do with my pen?  Did he write down a banana bread recipe?  Or was he looking for directions to some place?  This is his phone number.
 Yes, it is.
  Yeah.
 Look at you go.
  Mhmm.
 And he like  gave it to you in front of David,  so clearly no threat there.
  Hey Alexis, find a stick  Can I at just enjoy this for a second?  Of course, yeah! Enjoy Ken.
  I mean, I think it's funny 'cause when he first  walked in here I was gonna help him,  so to think it could've been me enjoying Ken.
  Yeah, I don't think so.
  Yeah, I think he liked me.
 This is fun!  It's the great thing about owning a store, really,  is getting to flirt with the customers.
  You know, just last week,  A woman came in and gave me her number.
  Do you mean the woman who wanted to know  when the soap would be back in stock?  Who came in here with her husband and kids?  Hasn't stopped me before.
  But thank you for reminding me, I have to call her,  the soap did come back in.
  I'm just gonna  put that right there.
  Mhmm.
  Johnny: Stevie?  Stevie: Just a minute!  Oh, I was talking to Roland about the latticework,  and we figure if we uh, put the vines right up  the side of the motel oh! Steve: Oh! Oh!  Oh my God, Mr.
 Rose! Oh!  Okay.
 No, no, no, that's okay.
  I'm sorry.
  I said just a minute! Yeah.
 Yeah.
  No, I-I was coming back to you,  because I-I figured, you know,  you'd be busy back there.
 I was busy!  Taking a personal photo Right, right.
  For my doctor.
  Right, well, it was, it was a medical uh, photo,  and, and uh and you what?  You text or email this right back to your doctor,  I mean, what a-what an age we live in!  I thought you were running errands!  I was, I was, and-and uh  I was at the nursery, there were no cars  absolutely on the way home, and uh,  so it was clear sailing,  and that's what I was gonna tell you when I  until I Okay!  I am kind of seeing somebody,  and it's like, a long-distance thing, so I  Yeah, okay, I'm gonna stop, I'm gonna stop you right there.
  I wish we had gotten to the second tape  in the workplace etiquette series,  that had a whole chunk on Polaroids.
  Oh my God! Um, Stevie, look, look!  All I saw was a business partner communicating  with a friend, that's all.
  Although you've just explained  that it was a more intimate relationship  with this uh, chap.
  But uh, congratulations, by the way.
  If-if uh, you know.
  I think I need to take a walk around the block.
  Mhmm? So, like, a couple of thousand times.
  Okay, that's a good idea.
 Yeah, sure, sure.
  Take a walk.
 And uh, you know,  uh, get some, get some fresh air,  and you know, clear your head.
  And if you feel the need to finish that communication  by the way, with your friend,  just uh, maybe try and find a room with a locked door?  (Door slams)  But everything's okay Stevie, don't worry about that.
  We're (sighs heavily)  I waited 35 minutes! Oh, don't start.
  (Jazzagals cheer)  Oh, please, save your applause for Jocelyn,  who's right behind me.
 (Jazzagals cheer)  You know what? I was going to change and then I thought,  no, if my babysitter can show up wearing a crop top  the size of a bib, I can wear this to a casino!  (Jazzagals cheer)  Jocelyn, you look amazing.
  Yes, why not throw caution and the dress code to the wind?  I'm sure the matre d' at Bucky's will make an exception!  Let's get goin'! (Jazzagals cheer)  If the bus is a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'!  Jazzagals: Wooo! Yeah!  Moira: I've come prepared with casino must-haves:  oxygen drops, antibacterial wipes,  and military-grade caffeine pills.
  The pills came from Condi,  so if anyone asks, you found them on the floor.
  Mrs.
 Rose, when you said you were bringing essentials,  I thought you meant snacks, and something to drink.
  No.
  Well, nothing for the road? Don't worry ladies,  I've got you covered, this afternoon I made some  magic brownies! (Jazzagals cheer)  THC and carbohydrates.
  Oh Moira, we don't expect you to have one.
  One? At least one.
  Okay  (Engine starts, cork pops) Who wants some zhampagne?  Jazzagals: Yeah! Wooo!  (Bus rumbles)  (Soft Jazz music plays)  So, whatever happened to that phone number?  Uh, it might still be in my pocket.
 Why?  Hm.
 Just keeping it close?  Well, I haven't thrown it out yet.
  What are you doing?! I'm obviously not gonna use it.
  Why not?  Uh, because I'm in a committed relationship.
  I know that.
  I think you should call him.
 What?!  Skin-tight clothes aside,  do you find Ken attractive?  I mean, sure.
  Then I think you should call him!  David!  Consider it a selfish act on my part.
  You have only been with me.
  And Rachel, and like, a handful of other girls.
  Okay, we've all been with a handful of other girls.
  But I'm the only guy.
 So?  So inevitably there might come a point  where you find yourself curious  about being with other people.
  So why not explore that now,  so that we don't have to have this conversation  five years down the line.
  Oh, so you think we're gonna be together 5-years from now?  I think a cute boy gave you his number,  and you should go for dinner, and run free.
  Best case scenario,  you realize how good you have it with me.
  Worst case scenario,  you realize how good you have it with me.
  Fun!  Stevie: Okay, Mr.
 Rose?  Uh, I've thought a lot about what happened,  uh, maybe a little too much about what happened.
  And I think for the sake of the business,  that we should just put it all behind us.
  Okay, good.
 Good.
  Thank you, Stevie.
  What happened?  Mr.
 Rose saw me topless.
  Oh! Oh! (Laughs) No! No!  I I didn't completely see anything,  but I got the gist of what you were doing.
  I didn't know anyone was here!  Oh Johnny,  I don't think the woman in that video would approve.
  The woman on the video is Moira,  and no, she would not approve! I would not approve!  It was an accident.
  Trust me, it will never happen again.
  Understood.
  I really don't know what to say to the two of you.
  Well, you don't have to say anything, Roland.
  Less is more in a situation like this.
  Well, I did just think of one thing.
  Please don't! It's more of a limerick.
  All right, enough, Roland.
  Thank you, we're going to move on now.
  Stevie, Room Three needs a change over.
  I would be happy to leave and do that.
  Thanks.
 (Cell phone chimes)  Whoa! (Laughs)  Aah! Stevie! Your friend just responded!  Oh my God, gimme that! Hmm.
  Oh my  uh, I'll be taking the rest of the day off.
  Okay.
  (Door slams) Yeah  I'd say her friend responded.
  (Guffaws)  (Crickets chirp)  Alexis: Hey, can you give me a ride to Ted's?  It's basically on the way to Patrick's.
  It's in the opposite direction,  and I'm not going to Patrick's tonight.
  Why?  Because we don't have plans tonight.
  He has plans with someone else.
 Who?  Okay, can you utilize like,  a little bit more of the English language?  If you must know,  I sent Patrick off to have dinner with that guy  who gave him his number today.
  That hot piece from the store?  Why would you do that?  Because I think it's funny,  and I also think it's important for Patrick to experience  other people in order to realize  how good he has it with me.
  What if he doesn't come to that realization?  Every time I did that with a boyfriend,  I'd send them off with someone who like, wasn't a threat.
  Like, Pippa Middleton, or Rihanna.
  Okay, well, I hardly think Ken is a threat.
  Mm, tell that to his million dollar smile, David.
  Okay.
 So what are the GRs?  The what? The ground rules.
  What ground rules did you lay down  before you sent him off with that hottie-boom-bottie?  Okay, I haven't sent him off with ground rules,  because this is a one-night thing.
  Did you say that?  No.
  So at this point he could like,  spend the night, double-dip,  kiss on the lips! I don't know!  Okay, this is why you have ground rules, David!  Josh Groban has a thick, leather-bound binder  full of them.
  Patrick didn't even wanna do this.
  I basically forced him into it.
  Is it too late for any amendments?  I thought this was a good idea,  and now you're making me feel like I made a mistake.
  Okay, you haven't made a huge mistake yet, David,  we probably won't find out about that until tomorrow.
  Okay, I have never been in this position before,  usually I'm the one finding out  I'm in an open relationship after the fact,  and now you're making me feel like I've just shipped  my boyfriend off to fall in love with someone else!  Ugh! I was supposed to go to dinner with Ted, David!  Then go for dinner with Ted!  Well, now I feel like I should be here for you!  Why?  (Groans) Let's just hope we don't find out.
  What?!  Ugh    (Ball rattles)  Are we up yet?  It's either black or red, even or odd.
  And you never know where you're gonna land.
  I'm sorry, Jocelyn?  If you'dve told me 20-years-ago  I'd be standing here with an empty chip bucket,  stoned out of my mind at a Doodlebops concert,  I would've lit a menthol, and had a laugh.
  You went to that show?  I stepped in briefly,  Roland Jr.
's a huge fan of "Wobbly Whoopsy.
"  Moira, you may not believe this,  but I used to rock out.
  Well, of course you did,  as did anyone with brain cells to kill.
  I'm thinking of a particular night in Monaco  with Maggie Trudeau and the Rolling Stones.
  You rocked with the Stones?  All except Charlie, but every party has a pooper.
  Moira, it's like,  on the inside I feel like I'm 19-years-old,  and then I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror,  and realize that I'm so not.
  Oh Jocelyn, you'll soon learn that we aging mortals  are blessed with weakening eyes and memories  so we don't have to really see ourselves.
  If you love the number 19, you go be 19.
  And while you're at it, bet on it.
  I can't take all of these!  It only looks like a lot.
  Do as you will.
 Jocelyn, but whatever you do,  rock onwards and upwards!  Mhmm!  Yeah!  (Hushed roar)  (Door slams)  (Keys jingle)  Ah, Stevie.
 Oh my God!  I forgot my bag,  and I thought you might have gone home for the night, so  Oh no, I was just about to leave, but uh,  I'm glad I caught you.
  Can we pretend today didn't happen?  Oh, consider it erased.
  Thank you.
  Although, I did wanna say just one thing,  if I could put my friend cap on for a minute.
  I'm glad things are working out  with you and your gentleman friend.
  And I'm just piecing things together here.
  Thank you, Mr.
 Rose.
  I hope he makes you happy, Stevie,  and that's all that matters to me.
  And from this point forward, I am staying out of it.
  We never have to talk about this again.
  Okay.
  Remember Emir?  The guy who came to review the motel?  The one who asked you to lunch?  Yes, that would be him.
  Oh! Well, he seems like a nice guy.
  Yeah.
 Good job.
  Good taste in motels.
  And clearly he likes you a lot.
  And I'm not saying that just because of the photo.
  Oh my God, Mr.
 Rose!  Okay, rewind, please.
 See you tomorrow!  Yeah, okay, see you tomorrow, Stevie.
  Does anyone want more Bucky's?  No! Who knew everything would contain chicken?  Oh, that dessert menu was especially disappointing.
  "Black forest tenders.
"  Jocelyn's still not answering her phone.
  Well, somebody ought to go look for her!  Tah-dah! (Laughs)  Oh, Jocelyn, is that you?  Yes! I took your advice, Moira.
  And what advice was that?!  Yes, Jocelyn, what advice did I impart  that translated into this daring new coiffure?  That I can still rock on!  Your chips bought this!  And you certainly risked it all, didn't you?  Yeah! (Laughs)  I'm ready to go home.
  Okay.
  Wow, Jocelyn.
  It must feel so light and breezy.
  Mhmm! (Laughs)  Ha ha! Yeah.
  Yes, I love it, too.
  I know.
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
  Do you recognize me from earlier?  I have a new hairdo!  Alexis: Hey Ted, I'll be there soon,  but I just can't leave David alone right now.
  Yeah, no, apparently they left for dinner at seven.
  Radio silence.
  Nothing, not a word.
  Anyway, I will be there soon, and I love you so much.
  Okay  Oh my God, imagine?  (Giggles) Muah! Muah!  This is not how I wanted to spend my night.
  Me neither.
  And David, I know what you're thinking,  they're probably back at his house,  listening to Frank Ocean, laughing, and re-hydrating.
  Yeah, the more I think about this,  the more I realize it was way too early  to have introduced this into the relationship.
  I mean, I thought I was being mature,  but in actuality, it was just a classic case  of self-sabotage.
  Chill, David.
  Hey! (Thumps table)  Yes, those are all valid points,  but this is a moment of growth for you.
  Was it flawlessly executed? No.
  Would I have done it?  Hell no.
  Okay, if this is intended to be helpful,  you can leave now.
 But what I was gonna say is,  if a cute guy that walks into your store  is enough to unravel your whole relationship,  you're better off knowing that now,  than in a year from now.
  (Knocking)  Do I want to hear about it?  I couldn't do it.
  Oh.
 Come in.
  I don't want to date Ken!  I don't think I ever said "date".
  Was it the lack of ground rules?  Hi.
 David Mhmm?  I love you, and I really appreciate  what you were trying to do for me,  but I feel no need to meet up with other guys right now.
  Okay, I mean  if that's what you want, then I guess I'm  I'm fine with it, I mean, I'm easy either way.
  Oh.
  Also, this is gonna sound totally petty,  but something about his shoes just made me feel really weird,  'cause they were like, long and pointy, but then  Squared off at the toe.
 Yes!  Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.
 I know, it's okay.
  It's okay.
  Okay, this is a really long hug now.
  Just need one more minute, mhmm.
  ("Every Rose has its Thorn" by Poison plays)  We all still like it, right?  I think it really brings out my eyes, right, Gals?  Sure.
  It's not like we think it's a mistake,  or we regret it, right?  Oh, you never regret a good time, Jocelyn.
  Thank you, Moira.
  You'd tell me the truth, I know.
  (Nervous laugh)  It's really short.
  Every rose has its thorn       

                




                    			1   (Forks clink, music plays)  Hmm.
 David.
 Hmm?  Perhaps your indigestion is caused by the speed  with which you consume your food.
  We should do breakfast more often, this is really fun.
  Mhmm.
  Hi, Mrs.
 Rose.
 Hello, Patrick.
  Care to ensconce yourself? Oh, I wish I could.
  Um, David? Hmm?  You told me you were just running across the street  for a cup of coffee.
 But then I got hungry.
  I hadn't eaten since last night.
  It's just that I have to get ready for my audition,  and somebody has to be at the store, so.
  You're being audited? Those bastards!  No, uh, audition.
  I'm actually trying out for "Cabaret".
  "Cabaret".
  You're familiar with the show?  Please don't start.
  The year was 1979.
 '79.
 Mhmm.
  I was but 17.
  She was not 17.
 Ah.
  Hostessing at a charming gas station deli,  when the great director, Rocky Nickels,  came in for a Reuben.
  That's a sandwich.
  Little did he know,  he would end up biting into something  far more suffonsifying.
 Far more suffonsifying.
  A ripe young actress who he'd soon cast  in the leading role of Sally Bowles.
  Sally Bowles, yes.
  In the production of (In Unison) "Cabaret".
  Yes!  Ask me how many ovations I got on closing night.
  Six.
 David, you know the answer!  That's a lot of ovations.
  Mhmm, three by demand, and three on the house.
  And who, may I ask, is bold enough  to scale this cultural monolith?  Jocelyn's actually directing for the community theater, so.
  Jocelyn?  That's very ambitious of Jocelyn.
  Yeah well, I just thought it could be a fun thing to do.
  Yes, the exact sentiment expressed by the passengers  as they stepped aboard the Titanic.
  Okay, well, that's really encouraging.
  What?! They were having a rip-roaring bash  before that bloody iceberg.
  I'm just gonna get the bill.
 Yeah, I'm gonna go.
  I'll be just two minutes.
 Okay.
   Hey, Stevie.
  Excuse me, I'll just be a minute.
  I just heard from Alexis that Ted's mom, Cheryl,  will be coming in from Elm Ridge,  and joining us for the weekend.
  So uh, I'd like to just keep an eye out for her, okay?  She's a lovely woman, very striking,  full-figured Mr.
 Rose!  It's Cheryl Mullens.
  Cheryl! Yes!  Oh, I-I-I  I didn't recognize you there for some reason.
  Well, I lost 80 pounds,  I changed my diet,  and I started taking Zumba classes.
  Well, good for Zumba.
  And you haven't changed at all, Johnny.
  Still as handsome as ever.
  Oh, well, there you go.
  Uh anyway, we're gonna put you in our best room, okay?  Aw! And, tell you what.
  It's on us, Cheryl.
  Is it?! Thank you.
  You're a sweetheart.
  They don't make men like you anymore.
  Well, we try to treat people good.
  Try to treat good  (Laughs) have a nice room.
  Day! Day.
 Have a nice day in your room.
  (Laughs)  What? You gonna be okay?  Yeah.
  (Birds chirp)  Jocelyn! What the Moira!  You really snuck up on me there.
  Those shoes do not make a sound.
  Blame Wang.
 What're you doing here?  Alas, I was sure there was a council-related symposium  here this afternoon, but  it appears the room has been set up  in an audition configuration?  I'm so glad I'm doing it right.
  Today is day one of auditions for "Cabaret".
  "Cabaret!"  Yeah, I actually wanted to do "Cats",  but everybody said that it was too political, so.
  I'm not sure you're aware of this Jocelyn,  but "Cabaret" is the very show that launched my career.
  Right! Mhmm.
  1979, you had a Reuben.
  No, but never mind.
  I'm simply here to wish you the best of luck.
  Moira  since you have the strong  personal connection to "Cabaret",  do you think that you could help me?  No, this is your bebe, Jocelyn,  and an artistic cradle robber, I am not.
  Okay, it's just that I have this actual baby at home,  plus a whole lot of term papers to grade.
  I wouldn't want to step on anyone's toes.
  But if you would indulge me a promenade along  memory lane,  I'd love to sit in on the auditions.
  Okay, if that's as much as you're willing to contribute.
  All righty.
 It's settled, then.
  Consider me a silent monarch on the wall.
  Will do.
 Now, Jocelyn  is this really how you want to set up the chairs?  No? Oh God, no!  (Bell on door jingles)  (Roland sighs)  (Chuckles)  Roland.
 You brought a baby into the store.
  Shhh.
 Yeah.
  And I don't know why I haven't brought him in sooner,  this place is perfect.
  Thank you so much.
  Yeah, they say that babies fall asleep quickest  when they're surrounded by an eerie,  almost crypt-like silence.
  What can I do to shorten your stay in my store, Roland?  Oh, uh, Joce wanted me to pick up uh, some of this.
  This organic applesauce.
  Organic.
 Listen to me!  Who am I? Gwyneth Paltrow?  (Both laugh)  No, no, you're not.
  (Cell phone rings) Ah.
  (Roland Jr.
 cries)  Ooh sorry, I gotta take this.
  What about this, though?  Uh, hello? Ronnie.
 Hi, what's going on?  (Gasps) No! Oh my God! What?  Dave, please, I'm on a private call.
  Uh huh, okay, I'll be right over.
  Oh boy, sheeesh.
  Everything okay?  Well, Gwen was trimming that big oak tree  behind her place, and she took out a power line,  and now there are live wires  flailing every which way but loose.
  (Laughs) So I guess uh,  Rollie Jr.
 and I should head over there.
  Hey, this applesauce,  it's not gonna go bad in the sun, is it?  I'd be more concerned about the baby,  but what do I know? You're right!  You know what I'll do? I'll leave 'em both here.
  No! No, absolutely not!  I have a meeting in half an hour  with a potential big money client,  and a rogue baby in my store does not present as polished,  or professional.
 He'll be fine.
  If he gets cranky, give him some applesauce.
  Those are $10 a jar!  Okay.
 Dammit!  (Roland Jr.
 cries)  No, I will not accept that.
  No, but I entered that in there already.
  Dad, Cheryl wants to take a shower,  and all she has is a facecloth.
  Oh, okay.
 Well, Stevie uh  can you run some towels down to room four?  Why do I need to do it? Okay, what's the big deal?  Just walk them over, and drop them off.
  Well, Alexis, if you must know,  when I was checking Cheryl in this morning,  I-I got a bit of a vibe.
  Ew, what kind of vibe?  I think I might've gotten  a whisper of desire.
  "Whisper of des " Oh my God!  Please never use that phrase like, ever again.
  My face was touched.
  She was doing this.
 She called me handsome!  Okay, Cheryl is in a happy marriage.
  She just happens to be very like,  warm, and affectionate.
  Her hand was warm and affectionate.
  Ted! Hi!  Uh, my mom was just wondering  if she could maybe get some towels?  Towels? Yes!  And perhaps you could take these to her?  Oh yeah, sure.
 My mom also wants you to join us for lunch today.
  She said she won't take no for an answer.
  Uh, that would leave Stevie alone here at the counter.
  And I-I don't think that uh  Oh, but I prefer it that way, though.
  Oh my God, Dad, um yes, he can come.
  Okay great, I'll go let her know.
  She was just saying how she wants to get  to know you better.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
  Psh! Shh! Wait! Do you hear that?  What? It's like a  faint whisper of desire.
  That was a good one.
 Thanks!  Oh boy.
 Don't do that.
  Jocelyn: Wow, Bob.
  Who knew you were a man of so many talents?  Well, I don't need to see any more.
  Bob Ahem!  Moira, is there anything you'd like to add  to Bob's audition?  I'm just marinating in memories.
  Okay well, we start rehearsals  But while I marinate,  it might be worth observing  your giving Bob a slight redirection.
  Mhmm If that's all right?  Oh, I've cleared my afternoon for this.
  Okay, uh  well, try it um,  angrier? You know, like, grr,  put your hands on your hips.
  Like this?  Oh dear.
  Okay.
 Well, it seems to me,  that it would be helpful to both of us  if you would just join us here at the table.
  Well, there's a note I'm incapable of rebuffing.
  You heard the director.
  Thank you.
  Do you want me to sing "Ave Maria" again?  If you must, but I think what Jocelyn is looking for here  is a foreboding vibration of pre-war Berlin,  easy on the accent.
  Roger that, yeah.
  (Laughs)  Okay, so this is what we call mutual respect.
  So if you could just stay like this for the an hour,  that would be ideal.
 Okay.
  Hi, David? Tina?  Mhmm.
 Oh my goodness!  We are so excited at the prospect  of working with "Premium Parties".
  Oh, that's very sweet.
 Yeah, so as you know,  we can source basically anything you need  when it comes to party essentials.
  Gift bags, catering, Shaman-blessed crystals,  artisanal Reiki gloves.
  For today, I was just hoping to hear about the store,  and make a connection with you.
  Oh, okay.
  Yeah, no, I love making connections.
  (Roland Jr.
 gurgles) Oh.
  Oh no, that's not  Oh, I didn't know that you had a little guy!  Yeah, his dad is just out right now,  but he should be back any time.
  Oh yeah, they say that, and next thing you know,  it's been an hour, am I right?  Yes.
 Yeah.
  They say it's an emergency, but is it really, Tina?  Yeah, so tell me the last time that watching  the new "Fast and the Furious" was an emergency!  (Nervous chuckle)  You know, I have a two-year-old at home.
  Oh.
 How old's this little one?  He's um, three to four months.
  Oh, wow.
 Mhmm.
  He's huge for four months.
  Mm, big eater.
 Ah.
  You know, we-we do sell these delicious granola bars.
  You're giving him granola?  No, no, I eat the granola bars,  while taking care of him.
  He prefers um  the organic applesauce.
  It must be so helpful to have your own little product tester  here in the store with you.
  You know what?  Why don't you take this home with you,  try it out on your little one.
  You know, I'm actually throwing a baby shower  next week, uh, but I mean,  that's probably not enough notice for you.
  I threw a baby shower for my dear friend, Jocelyn,  within a day,  I'm pretty sure I can get supplies by next week.
  You two might be my new favourite vendors.
  (Both laugh)  Do you think that maybe he could um,  show me around?  Yeah.
 You want, you wanna show her around,  little tyke? Show me around.
 Hm.
  Cheryl: And there he was,  naked as the day he was born, just wailing!  It had rained, and his cotton candy was melting  all down his hand!  Yeah, that was fun, but uh,  maybe we can start telling some stories  about someone else who was naked and crying?  Okay, fine, but I think everyone here  has already heard about my Vin Diesel adventure.
  Mind if I have a fry, Johnny?  No, no, go ahead, help yourself.
  And if anyone else wants a fry,  please feel free to take one.
  Mom, I really wish I'd have known about this trip  a little bit sooner, I wouldn't have asked Alexis  to help me out at the clinic today,  and she could've kept you company.
  Mhmm, I also wish you hadn't asked me to help out  at the clinic today.
 Oh, don't worry,  this was just a last minute whim.
  I just don't know what I'm gonna do with those tickets  that I bought to the Elmdale Gallery.
  Johnny  I don't suppose you'd be interested in playing  hooky today, huh? Oh, no!  I haven't played hooky since college.
  Dad, I think you can spare a couple of hours  to accompany Mrs.
 Mullens,  who otherwise would be going by herself.
  Well, when you put it that way, Alexis,  uh, I'd look like a real jerk if I said no.
  Then lunch is on me.
  A free room and now a hot date  with the owner of the motel?  (Laughs) Lucky me!  Yeah  I can't tell you how much this means to me, Mr.
 Rose.
  Oh, I'm just being a good host.
  See, my mom and my Step-Dad separated a while ago.
  What? Why have I not heard about this before?  Well, I wanted to tell you,  but she made me promise to keep it quiet.
  You know, small town, people talk.
  So Ted, your mom is currently unattached?  Yeah, yeah, but she's in a much better place these days.
  She's got like, a whole new lease on life.
  She told me that she's just going after whatever she wants,  no holds barred!  Oh, well hopefully, some holds barred.
  Johnny? Hmm?  I'm ready to go.
 Oh!  Um Dad, if you do have too much work this afternoon  Well, we're in it now, Alexis.
  Here we go.
 Oh, after you.
 Oh! (Laughs)  Please, don't go.
 Are you serious?  Jocelyn: Okay, I'm just gonna stop you there.
  Thank you.
  Um Beth, I was wondering if you could maybe  Dig deeper, yeah.
  Let's throw away the lines, soften the edges.
  Yes, I was gonna say, speak louder,  but that also sounds important.
  So why don't we um Yes, tap her out!  You step in, and lay the groundwork for Patrick.
 Yes.
  You want me to tap in and act with him?  Mea culpa, Jocelyn,  I sorely underestimated your instincts.
  Okay.
  Okay, the thing you must understand about Cliff,  Patrick, is that he has been with many women,  but he's never derived true pleasure from it.
  I think I can wrap my head around that.
  Okay, when you're ready.
  (Patrick and Jocelyn clear their throats)  Don't go.
  What? Please, don't go!  Ooh, less desperation.
  Are you serious?  The hell with Bobby! Maybe I like you here.
  Firm, but not loud.
  The truth is, Sally, when you're out all night,  I can't sleep.
  Better, better.
 Now seduce her.
  Oh my.
  Our little bed suddenly seems so empty.
  I've never felt this way about anyone.
  You truly mean this?  Bring it home  More than I've ever meant anything.
  And, scene!  Oh! Whew!  Now that is a breakthrough.
  Patrick, thank you.
  Or should I say thank you to our new Emcee!  Oh no, no, Patrick was auditioning  for the role of Cliff.
 Yes, he was.
  But we all know you put your biggest talent  front and center.
  Isn't that right, Jocelyn? Sure.
  As long as I never have to act again.
  Okay, no.
  Thank you! (Laughs)  We'll-we'll call your people.
  I did not think I would find a new vendor today.
  Well, sometimes it just clicks.
 Here.
  Well, why don't I swing back on Wednesday,  and pick everything up for the baby shower?  Perfect!  And I hope I'll see you on Wednesday, too!  Hey!  How's my big boy? This must be Dad.
  Yes.
 Roland Schitt.
  Tina Holbridge.
 It is so nice to meet you.
  I've just been spending the whole afternoon  with your two special guys.
  Oh, well, you know, Roland Jr.
 and I,  are gettin' there, but uh, this guy,  I've known him for a long time.
  You know that he uh, took me shopping once?  Yeah, you know what? Are you ready to take um, him?  Because I'm sure you have a busy day.
  Yeah, I should probably grab him, and go.
  I'm sorry, I would've been here sooner,  but I got electrocuted three times,  and the last time I didn't bounce back quite as fast.
  Oh.
 Well, the important part is that you're-you're here now.
  Yeah, and luckily Gwen's fine, too.
  I don't know why she was wearing that rubber dress  when she cut that wire, but it saved her life.
  Hmm! Wow  Well, I should probably let you guys have some family time.
  I am so looking forward to working with you, David.
  Likewise.
  (Roland sighs)  Hey, sounds like the meeting went pretty well.
  It couldn't have gone better! Yeah.
  So, if ever you need me to babysit this little one,  I have some openings.
  Oh, well, that's great, because Joce and I  were thinking about going to the movies tomorrow night.
  I was thinking next Wednesday between four and five pm.
  Mm, yeah, no, Thursday,  that's probably gonna be better for us.
  Let's go with Wednesday.
  (Car rumbles)  Thank you, Johnny, for a lovely afternoon.
  Well, it's always a thrill to experience a collection  of nude photographs with a a new friend.
  It was eye-opening.
  Johnny, I have something to tell you.
  (Door opens) Uh huh?  Umm, what's going on over here?  Hey, you crazy kids.
  Hope you didn't have too much fun this afternoon.
  Alexis, I was just about to tell Johnny,  so I might as well tell you, too.
  Ted's Step-Dad and I have separated.
  Oh my gosh.
 Oh!  It's for the best.
  In fact, I think I've already started to develop feelings  for someone new.
 So soon?  You wanna know the best part? Not necessarily.
  He's charming, and handsome.
  Okay, I think we understand where this is going.
  And ten years younger!  Than?  I've fallen for my Zumba instructor.
  Bill? Bill.
  Well, Bill's great!  Does this mean that I get his gym discount?  It does! Awww!  (Ted and Cheryl laugh)  This is great news.
  Isn't this great news, Dad?  Yes, yes, I'm relieved  that you're so happy.
 Mhmm.
  Thank you for providing such a safe place for me  this afternoon.
  You know, you remind me of my older brother.
  Hey, maybe I should start calling you  "Uncle Johnny," then, huh?  Oh, ha ha ha.
 No.
 Nope.
 Nope.
  Mom, come on, tell me all about it.
  Oh!  I'm just worried about what that young,  hot young Zumba instructor is gonna do  when he finds out that Cheryl has a huge crush on you.
  Okay, Alexis.
  But you bought into it for a second there.
  Well that was a great day of auditions today, Moira.
  Agreed.
  Wow, in a desert of mediocrity,  you managed to divine a quiet revelation  in Ronnie's Fraulein Schneider.
  Well, I think you deserve most of the credit.
  You know, watching you work with the actors today,  I think it was pretty obvious that you should  Reprise my role of Sally?  Uh, maybe? But  There's the age discrepancy.
 Bit of a challenge there.
  Although I did play Liesl Von Trapp at 50.
  Actually  working with you made me realize that I may not  have the skills to do this.
  But you, you were practically directly by yourself today.
  Oh, Jocelyn, thank you.
  And now I fear I've overstepped.
  No, no, no, please! Step all over me.
  You should be the director, it's clearly in your blood.
  Well, humility forbids me from thinking  I could become a quadruple threat that easily.
  Please, Moira.
 You'd be doing me a favour.
  I mean, it's either that,  or you could call Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Tekenos  and let them know that their daughter  bit another student at school today.
  I accept.
 Thank you, Moira!  I am happily stepping down.
  In title only.
  You will be there with me every step of the way, Jocelyn.
  Assistant directing.
  Assistant directing? Mhmm,  some would argue it's even more responsibility than directing.
  What have I done? No!      

                




                    			1 It's the last day of our auditions, Moira.
  We might have to lower our standards  if we're gonna find our lead.
  Lowering your standards is a slippery slope, Jocelyn.
  Next thing I know you'll be telling me  we'll be staging this production  at the school gymnasium.
  Very dapper, Mr.
 Rose!  Like the maestro of a Lebanese orchestra.
  Congratulations Johnny,  I never thought I'd see this little motel  recognized for anything,  besides the occasional cockroach!  I made myself laugh there.
  Well, always nice to be nominated, Jocelyn.
  But I'm not putting too much stock in  regional hospitality awards.
  The revisions for your acceptance speech are on the vanity, dear.
  Oh thank you, sweetheart.
  So how's the uh, casting hunt going?  Oh, disconsolate, John.
  We may be looking at putting an ad in broadwayworld.
com.
  Perhaps there's a chorus girl on holiday,  looking for a leg up.
  Okay, hi!  First of all, I'd like to remind you  that this is a live-work space,  and second, fine, I'll do it.
  Do what, dear?  I'll step in as the star of your musical.
  No!  No, with your responsibilities as our in-house publicist,  I couldn't ask you to do that now.
  Okay, well, you seem pretty desperate,  so I'm happy to help.
  Johnny: Well Moira, I'd consider it.
  I mean, we did spend all that money  flying in Barbara Streisand's vocal coach  that summer Alexis wanted to be the next Jessica Simpson.
  Alexis, a brief stint on a reality show,  that's one thing, but acting, that's  Um, the producers of "A Little Bit Alexis"  insisted that I take acting classes  after we started shooting, so.
  Almost makes me want to try out for it myself.
  Okay, now we're all just getting the sillies.
  Best we stick to our award-nominated day jobs.
  Well, I'm sure that Alexis has a song  that she could sing for the audition.
  Audition?  Okay, do I have to remind you  about the album that I released?  Moira, what's the worst that can happen?  Besides the inevitable accusations of nepotism!  Well, for what it's worth, Alexis,  I always thought "Hampton's Hoes"  was quite catchy.
  Boop!   Johnny: Oh, Stevie.
  You look very nice.
  No, I don't.
 Uh, yes, you do!  Very spiffy! That's a lovely dress.
  I literally pulled it out of the laundry, Mr.
 Rose.
  I've had it forever.
  You know it's not a bad thing to admit  you really care about these awards, Stevie.
  You're bringing a bag?  You know, I almost brought a change of clothes myself.
  Moira told me to pack a second suit  for the after-party, but uh,  who am I, George Clooney?  No, Mr.
 Rose, that's a weekend bag.
  I'm going away for the weekend.
  Oh.
  I told you I'm taking Monday off!  Yeah, but I didn't know you were going someplace.
  Uh, Emir is presenting at the awards,  so I just thought I might drive around with him  for a few days after.
  Oh so it sounds like you two are getting  pretty serious?  Uh, I guess we'll see what happens this weekend.
  Roland: Hello, guys, uh  whoa!  Look at us! Who are we?  Brad Pitt and his handsome brother?  And Johnny?  Why the jacket, Roland?  You know you're not going to the awards.
  Johnny, you asked me to manage the motel  while you were away.
  I'm not gonna show up just dressed  like some schlub off the street!  Like you do every day?  Wow, okay.
 This one puts on a dress  and suddenly she's Rita Rudner.
  Guys, I am really gonna miss this  workplace banter.
  We are coming back, Roland.
 Oh.
  At least I'm coming back, I don't know about Stevie.
  Oh my God, we should really get going.
  How about one picture before we go?  Roland: Great idea, okay.
  Stevie, do you mind?  Here we go.
  I meant a picture of me and Stevie.
  Absolutely, no, that makes perfect sense.
  Okay.
  And everybody  Put Mr.
 Rose in it.
  I just don't get the big reveal, it's a bathroom.
  It's not just a bathroom, David, it's a passion project.
  I'd kill to be that passionate about a bathroom  that you've now decided to open up  to the entire town.
  Yeah well, we can't afford to keep a private bathroom,  David, we're losing customers to the cafe.
  Besides, you're the one who started serving booze  at those evening events.
  Um, those evening events are part of a summer series.
  Oh We sold 30 dreamcatchers  at that Cosmic Meditation Clinic.
  Huh.
  Yeah, you know what? You were right.
  It does look beautiful.
  What the f So, I'm confused.
  Where does the bathroom start,  and all this garbage end?  Ronnie swore this would be done today.
  Ronnie: Yep, but you ran out of tiles.
  It doesn't help that you picked the most expensive ones.
  Okay, you asked for my opinion,  I don't know how much Romanian marble costs!  I was hoping to get my hands on a few more  in an hour or so, but that is TBC at this point.
  Okay, Ronnie, uh, this installation  was just supposed to last two days.
  And now half of our store is covered in tarps,  and David's organized some writers' retreat  for tomorrow night.
 It's a calligraphy workshop.
  We're working as fast as we can,  you have my cell!  Could you have not at least asked her to finesse the tarps?  I mean, there's green tape everywhere!  The tarps aren't staying up, David.
  This bathroom's getting finished today,  because that's what we discussed,  that's what's gonna happen.
 Okay,  it's just that you waited until after she left  to put your lil' foot down, so I'm just not sure  if she's aware of that plan.
  She obviously thinks we're a couple of pushovers.
  Okay, speak for yourself.
  All I did was pick out some gorgeous tile.
  I'm pregnant.
  That's it, that's the end of my audition.
  Indeed it is.
 I'm fine with nudity.
  Not necessary.
  Thank you.
  She looks like she may have seen the inside  of a smoky German bar or two.
  Who knows, a haircut, some dance lessons  Moira, I feel like we're really scraping  the bottom of the barrel here.
  I think that we should bring Alexis in.
  Jabberwocky! There are still stones left unturned!  Okay, you're actively trying to prevent  Alexis from auditioning here, and I don't want to get  in the middle of some mother daughter competition thing,  Competition! Nothing of the sort.
  No, Alexis just doesn't have the  life experience.
 Really?  Because according to her stories  Well, she's had her fair share of adventures, yes.
  But the role of Sally Bowles requires an actress  who can mine a deeper, darker cave.
  A woman encumbered with secrets she will  take with her to the tomb.
  Hence the high praise Gina Gershon and I  received for the role.
  You know what, Moira?  I'm gonna bring Alexis in.
  And don't worry, I will handle the audition,  so it is less of a struggle for you.
  Fine, you're on your own.
  Boy, it looks like  "Best Customer Service in a Motel Under 20 Units"  is up fifth, that's the big one.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  Stevie, if we win, and I know that's a big "if,"  do you think you'll be doing any talking up there?  It's all you, Mr.
 Rose.
 Okay.
  Excuse me, is this the children's table?  Young at heart, maybe.
  Johnny Rose, but I'm sure you remember me, Emir,  You declared our motel a "must stay".
  How could I forget, Mr.
 Rose, good to see you.
  And you are?  Uh, I'm just waiting for my date.
  So that seat's taken.
  Oh, well, can I uh buy you a drink while you wait?  I guess, but he won't be too happy about it.
  From what I've heard, he'll take what he can get.
  So you're probably safe.
 I should point out,  they have been coming by with drink trays.
  Oh yeah, we'll just go to the bar.
  Okay, well, I'm sure you have some catching up to do.
    David, look.
  Ronnie is sitting in that booth with Roland,  laughing about something.
  Okay.
  She says she's working as fast as she can.
  We don't have a bathroom, David!  I'm well aware of that.
  You know, my uncle's a contractor.
  I know how this works, you've gotta stay on top of it,  or they will find a million reasons to just drag it out.
  Mhmm, well, my ex-best friend was a crisis manager,  and she told me multiple times,  not to talk to anyone.
  Especially while they're eating.
  So I'm gonna just  Roland: Oh hey, Pat.
 What are you doing?  Playing hooky, or did the store finally close?  I don't laugh a lot, but that was good.
  That is funny, especially considering we are open,  but hey, who knows for how long?  Because right now, it sorta looks like  a quarantine station.
  I'm sorry, are you implying something?  You know, I'm just saying,  uh, the bathroom's supposed to be done today,  and you say you're working as fast as you can,  but uh, here I find you with Roland.
  Okay, FYI.
  Roland is the hook-up for your tiles.
  His cousin, Arnie, gets them at cost.
  So I thought I would thank Roland by buying him lunch.
  Because that's how I do business.
  Makes sense.
 I was just sort of uh  checking in.
  I could always cancel the order,  if that's how you wanna do business.
  Roland: Ooh! Ouch.
  I would run out and get some aloe Vera pal,  'cause you just got burned.
  Hi, is everything okay?  I don't know, you tell me.
  Yeah, no, I was just uh, telling Ronnie what a  what a great job she's doing on the bathroom.
  And uh, we should get back to the store.
  Okay, do you still need to use the restroom?  What? Nope! Uh, came here for you.
  So we should go.
  Thanks for checking in.
  Is everything okay? You look more pale than normal.
  Okay.
  Hi, my name is Alexis Rose,  represented by Alexis Rose Talent.
  Okay, what are you gonna be singing for us today, Alexis?  I have chosen to perform the title track  off of my critically reviewed, limited reality series,  "A Little Bit Alexis.
" Ooh!  Feel free to sing along if you know the words.
  Okay.
    Are you ready?  Let's do it.
  I'm a Lamborghini  I'm a Hollywood star  I'm a little bit tipsy  When I drive my car  I'm expensive sushi  I'm a huge, huge yacht  I'm a little bit single  Even when I'm not  Ah! Ah!  I'm little bit  I'm a little bit  I'm a little bit of la la la-la-la-la-la   A little bit Alexis  La la la-la-la-la-la A little bit Alexis   Oh wow, okay.
   La-la-la Just wonderful.
  Okay, yeah, I still actually had a few more verses.
  And in the last verse, I really get to showcase my range.
  Oh no, you know what?  I think that just that 30 seconds is  more than enough to go off of, yeah.
  Are you saying I booked it?  Great question! Jocelyn?  Well, we do have to see all the other candidates.
  But we will definitely get back to you.
  Okay.
 Okay.
  Oooh!  Oh  So what do we think?  Well, there is a place for her somewhere.
  On stage?! No!  Moira, I saw your talent, and I thought,  well, the apple can't fall far from the tree.
  Different orchard, Jocelyn.
  Though I do admire the confidence.
  What are we gonna do now?  "We?" We are at the precise intersection  of which I tried to steer us clear.
  No, Babs Streisand's vocal coach quit the business  after just two lessons with our sweet Alexis.
  He now lives in a monastery.
  Wow, it took a while to get the drinks,  yet, I don't see any drinks.
  Oh uh, we just finished them at the bar.
  Oh, I see.
  Well, you got back at the perfect time.
  Elmdale Moto Lodge just won "Best Motel Suite.
"  Coincidentally, the Hospies Committee  just had their retreat there last fall.
  I'm not saying something's up, but uh  Okay Emcee: Our next award  So, what are you doing after this?  Oh, well, I happen to have a king suite  at the Elmdale Moto Lodge  in exchange for presenting an award today, so  Well, I did pack a bag.
  Oh my.
  Just thought I'd tag along with you for a few days,  you know, tour the best and brightest  in dusty roadside accommodations.
  Oh!  I will be traveling with royalty, after all.
  Johnny: Getting close, Stevie.
 Stay calm!  Wait, I'm sorry, I-I'm not sure  if we're still joking around.
  Well, I took Monday off,  and I know you have a few more motels to hit, so  Oh! Yeah  no, that would be fine.
  That would be fine?  That's the kind of reaction you want.
  No, I'm sorry, sorry, I just, I  you just caught me a little off guard.
  I just wanna make sure that we're still  on the same page here.
 Yeah, totally.
  Yeah good, good, okay.
  'cause you know, I thought this was just something great  that happened when it happened.
  It is.
 Stevie!  I mean, you know, I'm on the road so much,  and you've got the motel to run,  I don't see any of that changing any time soon.
  Okay.
  But what if it could change?  I'm sorry, I-I don't see that happening for either of us.
  Oh.
  Emcee: The winner is  Rosebud Motel.
  Oh! Yessssss!  Stevie, we did it!  Oh my God!  Ohhhh!  Stevie!  Look at her, she's stunned!  Um  Hey! Hey!  You're home.
  I was just gonna leave you that little note  and a box of chocolates.
  I got the part, didn't I?  Come in, come in!  Ohhh  Yay! Nom nom!  I now see that there are different ways  to interpret chocolates.
  Alexis, I just wanted to say  Moira: Am I hearing Jocelyn?  Yeah, she's come to tell me the good news!  Oh, did she?  Chocolates? Are we celebrating, Jocelyn?  The chocolates were a mistake.
  Alexis, after very careful consideration,  I've decided that you are overqualified for the role.
  I know, but I'm totally fine with that.
  And I really value you as our in-house publicist.
  Jocelyn, no.
 Oh, we can see where this is going.
  Part of me thinks that maybe we should give the role  to somebody who really needs it.
  Oh Alexis, I wanted to fight for you,  but I had to recuse myself as your Mummy!  Okay, um  Who did you pick?  We're still looking.
  So you picked no one over me?  That would be a Jocelyn question.
  Maybe there's a better role for you.
  What's better than the lead?  Yes, I'm curious about that as well.
  Kit Kat Club Dancer Number Six!  Hah! Sorry?  She doesn't have a lot of lines,  but she has a very sexy costume,  and a lot of face time on stage,  which I know that you love I love both of those things.
  Okay, um  would that require like, another audition?  No, no!  No, the part is yours.
  Jocelyn, how wonderfully generous of us.
  Okay.
  Well, I'm guess I'll have to put you in touch with my agent.
  But I think you already have her number.
  And we'll get going on negotiations!  I would have my agent accept that offer, dear.
  Yes.
  Thank you.
  Woo! How 'bout that, partner, huh?  Not bad for a couple of years' work.
  Hey trust me, I'm just as shocked as you are.
  But this is ours, and no one can take it from us.
  Sorry, Sir, uh, I'm gonna need to take that  for the next category.
  We'll be mailing yours in six to eight weeks,  along with the bill.
 Okay, great.
  Yeah, okay.
  Well, that's probably for the best,  I mean, I don't wanna be lugging that thing around  to all the after-parties.
 Mhmm.
  So, Stevie, I thought we'd go for a  celebratory dinner, huh?  Yeah.
  Unless that steps on your plans with Emir?  Nope, there's no more plans anymore,  so, whatever you wanna do.
  Your weekend plans got pushed, or ?  Uh no, just canceled.
  It was a stupid idea anyways.
  I don't know what I was thinking.
  Okay, well, you know what,  if it's okay with you,  why don't we beat the traffic, and just  just head home, 'cause I gotta be honest, I'm  I'm feeling awfully tired, actually.
  Mr.
 Rose, I know how important this is to you.
  Oh Stevie, we got what we came for.
  Well, we didn't actually get it, they took it back.
  I mean, what kind of cheap-ass award show  takes back an award?!  Mr.
 Rose, I don't think I can go back out there.
  Well, tell you what, you stay here,  I'll grab your bag, and maybe  a few shrimp for the road?  Yeah, thanks.
  Patrick: I don't regret what I did.
  Well, look who it is.
  Ronnie, we want to apologize  for the miscommunication this afternoon.
  We?  What's that?  This is just a, an expression of our continued appreciation.
  I don't see any of that blue cheese in here.
  David, did you put any of the blue cheese  in there for Ronnie?  That cheese was very expensive.
  We'd be happy to run some over.
  So what would be the update on the tiles, then?  Funny you should ask.
  I was just heading out to run them over.
  Ah! Hmm.
  So I wonder if you still need the basket, then.
  Oh, I still need the basket.
  So uh, does this mean that the whole project  could be wrapped up then, by tonight?  Did I just say that I was heading out right now?  Yes, she did! She did, great.
  Uh so, should we just jump in with you?  I don't think so.
  What about just me then, Ronnie?  This went well  I think.
 Yeah.
  Well, hello, you!  Mrs.
 Rose, what are you doing here?  I thought you and I might celebrate your big award!  Come in.
  Oh, thank you.
  And I was made aware there was a loss, as well.
  Yeah.
  Turns out, someone who's been working the front desk  of a motel her whole life isn't exactly a turn-on.
  I was speaking of his loss.
  Stevie, underneath the brambly tartan blousant  is a chrysalis,  just bursting with potential.
  Well, I'm glad somebody thinks so.
  Yes, perhaps she just needs a  bit of a shock to her daily routine.
  That's kind of what I was going for, Mrs.
 Rose.
  Well, the kind of shock I'm referring to, Stevie,  will not come in the form of a man.
  What is this?  Oh, just a gift that once jolted me out  of my little Podunk routine.
  Me, in front of people?  I am not an actor.
  And neither is the lead in the play.
  She's simply a headstrong young woman,  who's been knocked about a few times,  and looking to make the most of herself.
  Did Mr.
 Rose put you up to this?  No, this inspired piece of stunt-casting  was an idea all my own.
  And we can't find anyone else.
  Thank you You're welcome.
  I should've led with this.
  Please tell me you can sing.
  I sing in the car.
  Good enough.
  Okay.
 Peruse.
  At your leisure.
  Okay.
  Oh, I see you've opened a bottle of wine already,  I won't burden you with another.
  Bye.
  Bye.
      

                




                    			(Crow caws, traffic rumbles)  (Bat clunks)  Is today the baseball day?  Today was supposed to be the baseball day, yes.
  The finale? Championship.
  Same thing.
  What time did you need me to show up  to watch you play the baseball?  Well, as of right now, there you might not be anything  for you to watch.
 Oh?  Gwen dropped out.
  Apparently she has to go see  a friend she met on the internet, so  we are missing a right fielder.
  Can you play both parts?  Positions.
 And, no.
 That's the whole problem.
  We will forfeit the game  if we can't come up with a ninth player.
  Well on the upside, there is an Isabelle Huppert  double feature playing at the Elmdale Art House.
  David, I can't bail on the game,  I just have to find a ninth player.
  Okay, well, good luck.
 It sounds a bit last minute.
  You know, they don't even have to do anything,  they pretty much just stand there.
  Have you asked Ronnie?  Uh, she is on the other team,  and I'm pretty sure she hates me  after the bathroom incident.
  Oh, I forgot about that.
  Hey, you know what, David, since you were already  planning on being there, maybe-maybe you  Absolutely not!  Just two hours of your life.
 No, no, no, no, no, no!  We just need a body! Then go to the morgue.
  I will cover you if any flies come your way.
  I have a spray for that.
  And you know my stance on team sports.
  I do.
 Given today's political climate,  we don't need to divide ourselves any more  than we already have.
 Correct.
  Have I mentioned to you that there will be a  barbecue after?  I have a couple questions.
  How many of the questions are about the barbecue?  Most of them.
  Like, how soon after the game is the barbecue,  and will the players get to eat first,  and if so, who's enforcing that rule?  I love you, David.
 Okay.
 I  you say that now, but Mm muah!  I don't do well with running.
  All right.
   Ronnie, I don't know what the big deal is!  Nobody's gonna even notice that Stevie's not at the game.
  That's not the problem, Roland.
  I gotta be honest, sometimes I don't even notice her  when she's standing right in front of me.
  Roland, the rules say that we can't play  if we don't have nine players!  And I can't stomach the thought of Patrick's team  winning by default; the man looks like a thumb!  Ooh, Ronnie!  I'm gonna need you to pour a little of that picante sauce  on the game today.
  Because my bookie, Lorenzo, gave me great odds  on us taking this.
  There is not going to be a game  if we don't have a full team! Um, excuse me?  I used to play a little ball in my day.
  I was the star left fielder from my school team.
  You played college ball?  No, Hebrew school.
  There were seven of us, surprisingly,  not a big turn-out, but uh,  the Flying Latkes ended up in fourth place.
  Johnny, I think some things have changed  since played ball, okay?  For one thing, the war is over.
 Ohhh!  Well, excuse me, I thought you were in a bind,  and needed a player, but uh,  forget it, I'm taking my offer back.
  Roland, he's our only option.
  No, he's not!  Joce has a CPR dummy that we can just throw  out into left field.
 Roland!  We're going with Johnny! Ah, boy.
  Great! And just so you know,  I had a pretty strong arm in the outfield.
  The Rabbi used to call me "Popeye".
  (Door slams)  Okay I am gonna give Lorenzo a call,  and change my bet.
  I'm gonna put everything I got on the other team.
  (Sighs heavily)  Hi Honey, is your Daddy home?  (Car rumbles)  This is so exciting!  I've never been in a musical before.
  Although I did have a cousin who was in "Riverdance"  until she got trampled.
  Yeah, um, I was one of the original Pussycat Dolls,  But I only lasted like, two weeks.
  Because apparently, I'm "too pretty".
  (Squeals) This is gonna be such a fun day!  Woman: Hey, Twyla!  What about you, Stevie?  I didn't even know that you wanted to be an actor.
  I don't.
 Fine, "artist".
  I've been dreading this rehearsal  for the past two days.
  Okay, as star of the show,  you might wanna set like, a different tone for everyone.
  I think this is a huge mistake.
  You're not wrong.
  There has been a lot of confusion as to why  I'm not the star of the show, but fair is fair.
  You earned it.
 No, I didn't.
  I didn't audition.
  I don't like attention.
  I can't think of anything worse  than standing on a stage  in front of a room full of people.
  Okay, Stevie, I think you just need to chill.
  If this is anything like my first day  with the Pussycat Dolls,  it'll be a couple of hours of Kegels,  and then an afternoon of cheeky Bellinis.
  It's just a lot of pressure.
  Don't even worry about it.
  I got your back today, girl.
  Just like Nicole Scherzinger did for me.
  Willkommen and bienvenue,  welcome, you to "Cabaret!"  (Laughs and applauds) Not now, not yet.
  Okay, mhmm.
  I'm sure this will come as a shock to all of you,  but this production will mark my directorial debut!  Mmm  Oh.
 (Clapping) (Cast applauds)  Missing cues already.
  No, I'm-I'm simply here to inspire.
  And instruct, and bring out the very best in you.
  And I want to start the day with my lupanarian  Kit Kat Girls!  We've also included anyone who's requested extra  rehearsal time to work on their dance moves.
  I just wanna limber up.
  There's some pretty tricky footwork, so  First, everyone, please, direct your gaze  to the beating heart of our show,  our Sally Bowles, Miss Stevie  Budd.
 Budd!  You're wondering, are we really going to lay  this colossal enterprise upon her tiny shoulders?  Yes! I'm a 100% confident  that you will all soon see what I hope  I believe I may be seeing in you, Stevie.
  Thank you.
  As long as you're up, why don't we jump right in?  You can help me lead the first exercise.
  Uh, I thought this more of a meet and greet kind of thing.
  It's the afternoon upon which  your bodies will meet and greet  the boards.
 (Groans)  Okay, this is called  "Monster on my Back.
"  Oh, fuck.
  (Fingers drumming)  (Door creaks)  Wow  Okay, just so you're aware,  I had a very cute,  "my boyfriend's on the baseball team" spectator look  prepared for today,  and now I'm wearing tap shoes.
  They're called cleats, and I think you look very cute.
  That's a given.
  This just isn't how I pictured  being a placeholder rolling out.
  Here.
 I thought we could head outside,  maybe throw the ball around a little bit?  This glove is brown.
 My shoes are black.
  What exactly are we doing here?  We're gonna practice? Practice what?!  You told me I was just a body in a field!  Hey, Patrick.
 Hey, Mr.
 Rose.
  Whoa! What are you doing?!  Well, what are you doing?  Patrick's forcing me to be on his team  for the game today.
 Yeah.
  Well, Roland and Ronnie wanted me to be on their team  for the game today.
 Oh my God!  That's funny, 'cause Ronnie's been telling me all week  how stacked her team is!  So yeah, so this makes sense.
  Oh.
 Well, David, I'm surprised to see  you back in a uniform.
  Whoa, I'm sorry, "back" in a uniform?  Okay, we don't need to get into it.
  He didn't tell you?  Well, David holds the Little League record  for most times hit by a ball.
  That's assuming it wasn't intentional.
  They let me go home early.
  So where are you putting him?  Right field.
  Okay, well, I'll try and get everyone  to pull the ball to the left.
  Well, thank you, Mr.
 Rose,  but we're trying to keep morale high.
  David and I are actually just going outside  to throw the ball around.
 Well, that sounds like fun.
  I think I'll oil up the glove and join you.
  Ew! Please don't.
  Oh David, don't worry, you'll be great.
  I just wish I'd kept that helmet I got you.
  Does this come in black?  You can use mine.
  Twyla: Once  Once.
  Uh no, we've moved on from the mirror exercise.
  Oh, okay, sorry.
 Go ahead.
  Once  At the motel  One word at a time.
  Okay.
  Once  Uh sorry, I'm not good at this,  I'm just not good at this, so.
  Okay, um, maybe someone else should jump in at this point.
  Excellent idea, Alexis.
 Okay, I'll play with Stevie.
  And perhaps we'll get a clearer idea of what we need here.
  Maybe you could do it with somebody else though,  let somebody else try.
 First word is a gimme.
  So you may say "once.
"  Once Upon  A  Nightmare My  Captor Was  Dismembering  Okay, does it always get so dark?  Oh, I'm, I'm just flowing with your energy, Stevie.
  Which is good, but  you may require a little scordatura.
  Why don't I break us up into groups.
  That's a good idea, 'cause it's better  than what's happening here.
 I'm glad you agree.
  I'll I'll number us off! Um, one, two.
  One, two.
  Two.
  Two two, two.
  Jocelyn, take group two for some movement exercises.
  Mhmm.
 Thank you.
  And you and I will do a little more one on one.
  Okay, hey!  Do you think we could maybe switch parts at this point?  Um, at this point I really wouldn't want to.
  But if it makes you feel better,  I think lunch is soon.
  Um, I'm just wondering when the Bellinis are coming out?  (Kiss) Stay strong, babe.
  Alexis, we don't need to exercise our movement?  Come here.
  You ready? Uh, yeah.
  (Ball thuds)  Okay, next time, can you make sure  the ball goes into my glove? Thanks so much.
  It's a ground ball, David.
 So in a game situation,  it is possible that the ball won't be hit  directly into your glove.
  How's it going, boys? Do you mind if I toss a few?  That'd be great, Mr.
 Rose.
 That way I  won't be the only one chasing the ball  every time I miss David's glove.
  Okay, the last thing I need right now  are two people coaching me on something  I didn't wanna do in the first place.
  Well, it's more for me, David.
  Popeye's arm isn't what it used to be.
  Nobody's gonna call you Popeye.
  Look alive, Patrick!  (Truck rumbles)  Roland: Whoa, hold it.
  Uh, Johnny?  What are we doing here?  Just tossing the ball around, Roland.
  No big deal.
 Wait, David's your sub?  (Cackling)  I thought you told me that your team was stacked!  Good to see you too, Ronnie.
 Yeah  Dave, be honest with me.
  Are you just playing to make your dad look good?  (Laughs) I may have to call my bookie again, right?  Okay, this is passive harassment.
  Anyway, we just stopped by to say we're having  a little pre-game bevvy and pep talk at my place  if you want to join us, Johnny.
  Well, I think I'll just stick around,  and loosen up a bit, Ronnie.
  Johnny, I don't think it's really ethical for you  to be doing spring training with the enemy.
  He's not the enemy, Roland.
 He's my son.
  (Scoffs) There are no sons in baseball!  What?  I'd argue most baseball players are somebody's son.
  So what does that make me?! Ohhhh!  No but, just 'cause he, he said there's  Yeah, you know what, good luck.
  'Cause you all are gonna need it.
  Yeah, I'm looking at you.
 Roland: Yeah.
  (Cackling)  Wow, she is really not a fan.
  Ohh man, I wanna win this game.
  Okay, you told me it was just for fun, though!  Well, it is for fun, David,  but a little rivalry is part of the fun.
  It's like when we used to play the Catholic kids  from Our Lady of Perpetual Sorrow.
  The worst school cheer I ever heard.
  (Jocelyn and actors grunt and moan)  All: Blaaah! Aah! Aah! Aah!  Let's be aware!  There are two groups in the room, voices carry.
  Okay.
  But this is actually a good distraction for you.
  Because when you're on stage,  you're going to have to drown it all out.
  Okay, so let's now focus on the image  you were about to conjure for me.
  Okay  I'm in the Town Hall.
  I'm wearing my maroon plaid hoodie.
  And I'm feeling  very uncomfortable.
  Hmm, vivid.
  Visceral.
 Excellent, Stevie.
  Although the exercise does ask us to recall  a traumatic event in our life.
  This sounds almost as if you're describing  what's happening right now.
  Well, I am.
 (Laughs) Oop!  There's that razor sharp wit that landed you the role.
  Ah, Moira.
 Group two is gonna take a fiver.
  I have not had this much exercise  since I birthed Roland Jr.
  Look at you, Jocelyn!  Pushing your authority as assistant director  to its limit.
  But Stevie and I are still doing some memory sculpting.
  Uh, Mrs.
 Rose, I think I could really use  a five minute break.
 Oh, Stevie.
  Okay, but we've chatted 30 seconds already,  so we'll call it a company four-and-a-half.
  Okay.
  Okay  (Actors murmur quietly)  Hey.
 Hey.
  So before I take my five,  which technically won't start until after this conversation,  I just wanted to have a conversation with you.
  It's about Stevie.
  Oh Alexis, I can't say I didn't see this coming.
  This must be very difficult for you,  watching one of your contemporaries step in  as Sally, when you fought so hard for the role.
  Oh my God, no! I read the script,  and never would've been able to memorize those lines.
  May I ask where your concern lies, then?  This is all a little intense.
  Hmm? Especially for Stevie.
  If anything I'm going easy on her.
  You should've seen the conditioning  Rocky put me through.
  Our first day consisted of mud runs,  and sob therapy! Okay.
  Well, she's not you,  and I think she's actually regretting signing up for this.
  And feels like it was a big mistake.
  Really? What gave you that impression?  Because she told me that she regrets signing up for this,  and feels like it was a big mistake.
  That kind of attitude's not going to get her  very far as an actress.
  Well, she's clearly not an actress.
  You told us this morning that you were here to inspire,  instruct, and bring out the best in all of us.
  If only we needed to fill the role of a Dictaphone!  I'm just saying.
 And your point is made.
  Thank you.
  Whatever's left of the five minutes  might do us all some good.
  Thank you.
  (Insects buzz)  Patrick: All right now, two away!  All right, players to first and second!  Outfield in a little bit, two away now, let's go!  Okay, I don't know who this is,  but can we put him back in the box?  Johnny: David, keep your glove up!  Protect your face!  Roland: Hey, Johnny! No coaching.
  Always be ready!  Ugh!  Johnny, why don't you just put on a little apron,  and serve them the win on a silver platter?!  I'm just helping out my son, Roland.
  The kid has no idea what he's doing!  I can hear you!  Okay, uh, Ronnie, hit one out to right field.
  There's basically nobody out there,  Nobody's gonna catch it, go ahead.
  (Metallic clink)  (Grass rustles)  Roland: You got this, you got it!  (Ball whooshes, bat clinks)  Roland: Ohhh! Johnny: You can do it, David!  Patrick: Get out of the way, David!  (Ball thumps in glove) It's okay, David, I got it.
  Hey, you know what?! It's not okay.
  I'm doing you the favour,  you told me I was just a body in a field,  not a body that had to catch things,  flying very fast in the air!  So  I'm out!  Well, actually, David, uh, Ronnie's out,  and the inning's over, and technically, you're walking in the right direction.
  Well, that's good for you, then, please get my glove.
  Knock, knock! Team?  Um, a firefighter with back pain?  No, try again.
  Knock, knock!  A vacuum salesman? I don't know.
  Bob, try to communicate what's written on the paper.
  Is-is there a bell I could ring?  You know, I don't, I don't wanna be rude,  but uh, they could be having dinner.
  Um, you know, just keep knocking until someone  guesses what, or who you are.
  Help me out here.
  Knock, knock.
  Yes, let's you and I sit this one out, shall we?  End things on a lighter note.
  It is called a "play", not a "work".
  Jocelyn: Someone caught in the rain!  Um, Mrs.
 Rose?  I've been thinking  Oh, that's your first mistake.
  Don't think, Stevie, just trust your instincts.
  Okay well, my instincts are telling me  that I'm in over my head.
  See, deciphering which instincts to trust  that's the real skill.
  You're feeling overwhelmed.
 (Laughs nervously)  After some quiet reflection,  it occurred to me that this morning's exercises  might've been a bit advanced.
  Please remember, this is all new to me as well.
  Alexis: Ooh! A guy that works with animals, but not a vet   (Laughs shyly) We're in this together.
  Okay  Might I share with you an anecdote about my director  A man with amnesia! Yes!  Well, he may have a story or two about that  from his later years.
  No, sorry, I mean, the game.
  It-he's a man with amnesia!  Yes! Oh, I'm so glad somebody figured it out!  Oh, I actually forgot what I was supposed to do up here!  Jocelyn: (Laughs) Ohh!  You know that you have to come up  and play the game now, right?  I think I can handle that.
  (Clapping quietly)  Ohhh Thanks.
  (Alexis clears throat)  (Scoffs)  (Rapid exhales)  Vampire person!  Twyla: Oh! Ghost! Ghost girl!  Hemophiliac!  Woman with amnesia!  No!  Hey! Patrick.
  I don't mean to put any pressure on you,  but you do realize that it's the bottom of the ninth,  two out, bases are loaded,  and the game's on the line, right?  Yeah, I realize that, thank you, Ronnie.
  So, who's up?  Oh, I think you know who's up.
  (Cackling)  The barbecue guy wasn't ready,  but he gave me some chips.
  Okay David, you're up, but I'm gonna talk to the ump  and see if we can pinch hit for you.
  Why? It's the only part of this stupid game  that I'm actually good at.
  Well, you struck out three times, so  I tipped it that one time, you even admitted that!  No, that's true, and that was a-that was a great tip.
  It's just that we're trying to win here.
  Hey! Hey! Do we have a batter, or what?!  What's going on? Yeah, I'm doing it.
  I'm doing the batting.
 Ohhh, okay, great!  All right! Okay.
  Easy out everyone, easy out!  (Chuckles)  Fire up the grill, we'll be there in a couple of seconds!  Okay, everyone shut up!  Ronnie, throw the thing.
  (Ball whooshes, bat thwacks) Unh!  Patrick: Oh my God! Run, David, run!  Way to go, son! (Laughs) Patrick: All right, David!  Roland: Johnny! Get the ball!  Patrick: This is it! Go, David! Drop the bat!  Ronnie: What are you waiting for, Johnny?  Roland: Come on, he's going home!  Patrick: All the way, David! All the way!  (Ball thunks) Aaaah!  Umpire: Safe! Green Team: Yeaaaaah!  Are you okay? Did I do it?  You did it.
  You did it!  (Applause, cheering) Wooo!  Woo!  Johnny: (Laughs) (Laughing and cheering)  Patrick: David Rose, hit the ball!  (Laughs)  Ohhh!  Wooooo! Woo! That's my boy!  (Rock music plays)  You know, Johnny, the next time I need a sub,  remind me to ask the blind goat over at Mrs.
 Divine's farm.
  It's just a game, Roland.
  Popeye smokes his son square in the back.
  It was a quick recovery, Ronnie,  but thanks for the play-by-play.
  Well, luckily for me, I had a side bet  on whether Johnny would throw the game in his kid's favour.
  I consider it a split.
  When you get hit in the back playing a game  you never wanted to play in the first place,  does that make you the VIP?  The MVP, and uh, no, we're not doing that.
  Okay, what if we were doing it, though?  Well then, you would definitely be the VIP.
  Okay.
  Listen, I'm sorry if this game sorta unleashed  my competitive side.
  Yeah, we really don't need to meet him again.
  But, you know, part of me wonders,  would you have hit a home run  if I hadn't lit that fire in you?  Because I have never seen you run like that.
  Yeah, it was mainly because I was smelling the barbeque.
  Ah.
 Up.
 Higher.
  Okay.
 Thank you.
      

                




                    			1 I don't know why I'm feeling this like deep,  aching sense of dread.
  David, I'm more than capable of looking after your store  while you and Stevie work the flea market.
  Why did Patrick have to book today of all days  for his tax seminar?  Like who voluntarily goes to a tax seminar?  Maybe the kinds of people who want to keep their businesses?  Okay, hi.
  You are literally only here to receive a package.
  So I cannot have you distracted your phone  unless there's an emergency.
 And then immediately call  Call Patrick.
 I know!  No! Patrick is at the tax seminar!  Are you hearing anything I'm saying?!  Yes.
 Stay off your phone.
 Wait for the delivery man  to drop off whatever.
 You can trust me.
  Okay, can I?  Because the last time I left you in charge of something  Ugh! This is about those stupid Tamagotchi?  Actually it is.
 Okay guys  You left me with six of them, David.
  Taking care of that many is like a full-time job!  I left you with six adult Tamagotchis in perfect health!  And by the time I came home, they were all dead.
  You have to like actively murder them  in order for that to happen! Okay, David,  um, as much as I love carrying out all these boxes by myself,  I think she's going to be okay,  so maybe you could give me a hand?  How did David con you into this anyway?  It gives me an excuse to take a break from rehearsals  with your mom for a day?  Um, last night she texted me at 3 A.
M.
  and all it said was "leggings.
"  Hmm We have to go.
  Um, you're welcome, by the way, David.
  Who knows, maybe after today  you'll finally stop talking about Tamagotchi.
  Unlikely murderer.
  (Bell jingles, door shuts)   (Engine hums)  Unfortunately for everyone, John,  Stevie turned out to be quite the find.
  She'll need a lot of direction obviously, but  you know, ballet intensive,  perhaps some mittens to curb the nail biting.
  Moira, I love the way you pour yourself  into your projects.
  But the whole point of this spa trip  was to take a breather from cabaret.
  Yes John.
 I promise to enjoy the 60 minutes I'll spend  having my deepest tissues palpated.
  Then a few sips of cucumber water.
  Factor in five minutes for you to use the facilities  and we'll be back home by noon.
  And we're not rushing through this, Moira.
  We've got an entire day of treatments ahead of us.
  Today is for slowing down,  and getting reacquainted with our bodies.
  Okay, just please give me a moment to make a decision  on this chaise lounge.
  Oh, put the phone down, Moira.
  Whatever it is can wait.
  It's for Fraulein Schneider's Salon.
  Do you prefer the olive suede to the Merlot?  Similar texture but falls apart in emotional complexity.
  I can't look right now, Moira.
 I'm driving.
  All right.
 I'll hold it up for you.
  No, Moira, I can't right now.
  It's just a quick glance, John!  All right, then you need to hold it straighter.
  (thud) That oh-oh, what was that?  A tiny speed bump.
 Speed bump?  We're in the middle of nowhere.
  Why would there be a speed bump?  No, I think I, I think I hit an animal.
  Oh, it's the circle of life, John.
  You've just provided a nice Passover Seder  for a family of hawks.
  (Door opens)  No ew  (Door shuts)  (Door opens) John,  don't get too close, dear.
  We can't afford you contracting mange.
  It's a cat, Moira.
 I hit a cat!  Well, what kind of ailurophobe  sends their kitty out to play  on such a busy stretch of highway?  It's got a collar! This is someone's pet.
  (Sighs)  There's a farmhouse right there,  probably belongs to them.
  (Metal grinds)  Or not.
    Okay, so this is really good,  we just need everything facing forward.
 Facing forward.
  Facing forward.
 See what I'm doing here?  Stevie: Okay, like a serial killer?  (Jewellery clinks) David Rose! (Chuckles)  Oh God! Would you look at that?  If this isn't a full circle moment,  then I'm not twice divorced.
 My God, Wendy!  (Gasps) This must be your wife.
  No.
 God, no.
  No, no, Wendy, this is my friend, Stevie.
  Stevie, this is Wendy.
  Wendy used to employ me at the Blouse Barn.
  I'm so sorry, I don't mean to jump to conclusions.
  I guess I've got marriage on the brain again.
  If you can believe it, I'm engaged!  Hmm, wow.
 Congratulations.
  Well, you know what they say about love,  it's like target practice,  if you just keep shooting at it  Anyway, David, I was hoping you would have settled down by now!  Oh, I actually own this business with my partner.
  Get outta town!  I know, I am as shocked as you are.
  Well, I guess that makes us flea buddies.
  I've got my own booth.
  Wow, so we're reopening the Blouse Barn?  Oh, no, no, no, just test driving a new business idea,  brought to me by my new partner, Antonio.
  Antonio!  What are you doing?  Come over here, so I can show you off!  (Footsteps thud lightly)  Hey.
  Well, Antonio, say hi to everyone.
  (Softly) Hi.
 You look very familiar.
  Have I seen you in my store before?  I don't think so.
  Okay.
  He seems sweet.
  He reminds me a lot of you.
  Well, isn't that a compliment.
 For him.
  I better get back and help Tony set up the booth.
  It was such a treat seeing you, David!  And you, Karen!  Karen's a new one.
  I have definitely seen that guy in my store before.
  Do you think that Wendy knows her fianc  has been checking out every guy in here?  She has the worst taste in men.
  At one point, she told me  she was looking for a Jon Gosselin type.
  (Door opens)  Sorry, we're closed.
  Very funny.
  Ugh, I was hoping you were the delivery guy.
  Thanks.
 No, I'm just like, so bored.
  Well, I am not the delivery guy, but I come bearing gifts.
  But I didn't pay for that.
  I know, I got it at the flea market.
  Thank you for the delivery.
  Do you need my signature?  Oops.
  Oh wow!  (Giggling)  Uh um, miss,  seems that the strap has fallen off of your shoulder.
  I'd offer to put it back for you,  but as a delivery guy,  I don't know if it's my place.
  Oh, how respectful.
  Now, if only you had that much respect for my time.
  I've been waiting here forever.
  Um, sorry that I'm late  my grandmother passed this morning.
  Ew! Oh my God, Ted!  Sorry, I wasn't prepared for an improv.
  No, it's fine, it's fine.
 (Clears throat)  Okay, what else weren't you prepared for?  The import taxes? Hmm  Okay, obviously I'm not good at this,  can we just skip to the good part?  Yes.
 Okay.
 (Giggling)  So, you and I just innocently witnessed  an 18-wheeler barreling down  Moira, I'm just gonna be honest, all right?  There was an accident, it was tragic, unavoidable,  and then we'll be on our way.
  Mm-Kay.
 (Knocks on door)  (Door opens)  Can I help you?  What beautiful day, isn't it?  Crops need rain.
 Yes, yes.
  Oh, as they often do.
  Um well, we just had an unfortunate thing  My husband struck down your feline with our car.
  Well, we don't necessarily know  whether the cat belongs to this uh, gentleman.
  Well, what did it look like?  The name on the tags was "Sergio"?  (Rooster crows) Well, that was him.
  Oh, these city people driving too damn fast  up and down this road.
  No, I-I don't think speed was-was the thing here.
  No, my husband has what's called a feather foot.
  Well then, why did you stop?  We thought it was the decent thing to do.
  Um, now that's done,  and we have a very pressing engagement so.
  Well, my wife is so right,  we're running very late right now.
  The Hammam Spas are notoriously fickle about refunds.
  You're going to the spa?  Well, that does sound important,  but since you just killed my daughter's cat,  coming inside to break the news to her  might be a little bit more important.
  Don't you think?  Hm, John, shall I pick you up on the way back?  I know how desperate you were for me to have my day of detox.
  No! No, Moira!  I think it's better if you come inside with me,  so we can uh,  break the news together.
  David: Okay, this is the last of them,  unless you wanted me to bring in the 14 coffee cups  and 3 empty chip bags that are also in your back seat?  Mhmm.
 David, remember when you thought Wendy's partner  had been in your store before?  He has been in my store before.
  Well, I think I know why he wasn't being  so upfront about it.
  Okay, I know what you're gonna say,  and I also thought that he was into me for a second,  but I'm pretty sure that's just his face.
  No.
 Look over at their booth,  and tell me you don't notice any similarities.
  What the actual fuck?! I know.
  They've ripped off our entire store.
 Yeah.
  Tulips instead of roses? Woof!  Similar products.
 The labels even look like ours.
  Except, their stuff's half price.
  What?  Well, we have a very loyal customer base  who would not be fooled by some skanky knockoff.
  Okay, Dave, I'm ready to check out here.
  Roland! What are you doing here?  You're supposed to be at the motel!  I'm on my coffee break, and I ran out of foot cream.
  Those are 3 for 15, yes? These are not from our store.
  Well, what are you talking about?  I just got 'em off your table over there.
  That's not our table.
  Well then, why were you standing there?  That's not me! And he's still standing there!  Okay um, do you want the sale, or not?  Uh no, you can buy our superior foot cream  at a slightly higher price.
  Geez.
 You were a lot nicer  when I was talking to you over there.
  (Rooster crows, cow moos)  (Whispers) How far do you think we'd get  if we just started running?  When might we expect your daughter to show up,  because we do have a very busy day ahead of us?  (Laughs nervously) Well, baby's still sleeping,  but if you wanna go and wake her up,  tell her what happened, by all means.
  Where is Bebe's chamber?  (Footsteps creak)  Oh, there she is now.
  She's either up, or takin' a leak.
  Either way, great progress for Bebe.
  Here she is.
  What's all this?  Who are you?  Uh, hi, Johnny Rose, Baby.
  This is my uh Sergio's dead!  Ugh.
  What the hell?  Yes, it seems he had taken ill,  and stumbled out on the road poor thing,  presumably to end it all.
  And then?  And then we ran over him.
  (Upset exhales)  (Sobbing)  Anyway, this feels like a very private family moment  that we're more than willing to share.
  (Sobbing)    (Car rumbles by)  That's for you.
  Clearly that brand loyalty you were talking about  is really paying off.
  Like to pay you off to not be here anymore.
  Roland, what are you still doing here?  This will only take a second.
  Dave, I don't know if you remember or not,  but I purchased some foot cream from you earlier?  That wasn't our foot cream.
  Yeah, okay, well you took my 15 bucks,  and now I'd like a refund,  because I realized I've used this stuff before,  and it makes my feet stink.
 Give me that.
  (Sniffs) Ugh!  It smells like pennies and burps!  Oh yeah! Wait, that smells exactly like the stuff  we used to use at the motel.
  Ugh.
 Like, exactly.
  Wait a second  (Paper rips)  (Gasps)  That's why!  Gel Time Moist Liquid.
  (Scoffs) Contains 100% moist liquid.
  Uh oh, Davey got busted!  Okay, this is not our product, Roland!  Anyone who sells counterfeit luxury beauty products  is clearly a sociopath.
  Dave, I don't wanna tell you how to run your business,  but 3 or 15 dollars for Gel Time is a total rip-off.
  I mean, pharmacies hand those out for free on Halloween.
  David, you have to talk to Wendy.
  David: Okay, what am I gonna tell her?  That her curious life partner, who looks nothing like me,  is some big old con artist?  (Roland laughs)  $18 for toner?  Why don't you just on some Gel Time?  That stuff will strip your skin right off.
  (Sniffs) Ooh.
  Whoa! That was  I know, like are good, but that was like  You pulled some new tricks out.
  New to you.
  Anyway, David should leave you in charge  of the store more often.
  Um Ted, the door was unlocked the entire time!  What?  Someone could've like, walked in on us.
  They would've gotten quite the show!  It's very irresponsible and dangerous of us.
  Well, now we know for next time.
  Oh, um, I almost forgot,  I never signed for that parcel.
  Uh, I don't think the guy showed up?  No, Ted  Oh uh oh, yeah I I'd get your signature,  but I guess I left my clipboard  and scanner thing somewhere, so.
  Do you think it might be in David's new bathroom?  Apparently it's just for customers,  but he never lets anyone use it.
  I remember now, I definitely left my scanner thing in there.
  Mhm let's go let's go find your scanner thing.
  Can I just request we actually drop the scanner  thing bit just 'cause it's kinda throwing me off.
  Yeah, okay.
  Oh, this is nice!  Uh Oh! Is that a sink?  Oh! A sink it is!  (Door slams)  Alexis: Help me up, babe.
  (Sink thuds to floor, Alexis screams)  Ted: Oh my God! Alexis: Fuck! Ugh!  (Sobbing)  How are we still trapped in this Gothic horror show?  You know, I think we've already missed the seaweed wrap,  and at this rate, it's not looking good for the salt scrub.
  You know, I wish there was something else we could do here,  but uh, I really feel we've overstayed our welcome.
  Yes, we should really hit the road.
  In that big, fancy car of yours?  Oh it's it's big, but it's not that fancy.
  Listen folks,  we don't want much,  but you should cover the expenses of the funeral.
  The funeral for your cat?  Well, it was Baby's only cat.
  Perhaps it's the lack of air,  but I believe I saw three or four cats  running around since this interrogation began.
  It was my only tabby.
  Okay, well maybe there's something we can do.
  Does Bebe enjoy the theater?  Hmm?  How about two complimentary,  partially-obstructed view seats to Cabaret?  No! She likes the Kinky Shoes.
  You got tickets to Kinky Shoes?  I believe it's Kinky Boots.
 And no.
  John: Well, maybe a professional massage  might help ease Baby's pain.
  I like massages.
  So, now you're taking Bebe to the spa?  No, I wouldn't be taking her Moira,  but maybe Baby can take her uh, grandmother.
  I'm her mother! Yes, well that  Yes, you are!  And you are going to adore the rejuvenating facial peel.
  Can I keep the slippers?  This is my favourite after shave.
  Wendy: This is for you.
  Go! Okay.
  Wendy: On my feet (Chatter continues)  Hi.
 Wendy, hi!  David! Isn't this great?  The two of us, back together!  Successful in business! Successful in love.
  Mhmm, totally.
 Quick question for you, Wen  You know, when Antonio came to me with this idea,  I wasn't sure there was a market  for another general store.
  Everyone is doing them now.
  Yeah, I was one of the first, but I get it.
  And they sell all the same stuff.
  I'm sure you've noticed a similarity  between our products and yours.
 Sure did.
  Wendy can I speak with you for a moment?  Sure.
  Why don't we go over to your booth?  It's so much quieter.
  Okay.
  Um, I don't wanna be the one to have to tell you this,  but it's about your fianc  You know Brad?  Who's Brad? My fiance.
  I thought you and Antonio were  Oh David (Laughs)  We're business partners.
  Oh! Okay.
  Well, that's gonna make this a little easier.
  Turns out Antonio is a common criminal.
  What? Stevie give me the  Look at this, please.
  (Reads) 100% moist liquid?  Antonio said it was locally sourced.
  Sure.
 If you consider the dollar store local.
  These sell for 99 cents.
  Well, he's been charging me way more!  I'm so sorry, you had to hear this.
  No, David,  I'm glad you told me.
  I was gonna go into business with this person.
  And I'm ashamed to say,  in my weaker moments,  I've been tempted to cheat on poor, sweet Brad.
  With Antonio?  Well, obviously you picked up  on the intense heat between us  if you thought we were a couple.
 Yeah.
  Wendy, for several reasons  I think you need to say goodbye to Antonio.
  Ugh.
 How I'm gonna tell Brad.
  He and Antonio are roommates.
  They share this tiny one-bedroom together.
  And it is so crowded in there,  they had to put the mirror on the ceiling.
  Yeah.
 Best to shut all that down, I think.
  David,  what would I do without you?  I literally don't know, Wendy.
  (Pensive exhale) You wanna get high?  No, but thank you.
 Okay.
  Okay.
 So, the delivery man came in,  used the bathroom,  somehow broke the sink,  and then left without delivering the package.
  That is correct.
  I just find it strange that he would then leave a note  saying, "sorry I missed you".
  Yeah.
 No  I think he meant, like, sorry I missed you.
  Because I was here the entire time.
  And I actually think that he was like a little bit drunk,  because he knocked over a lot of things.
  And you were here for this?  Um, no  Well, you were here for part of it.
  Right.
 But I got here late  my grandmother passed away.
  Oh God! A few years ago.
  And it just been real tough to get over.
  Mhmm.
  Well, fortunately we had these security cameras installed,  so I guess I'll just show that to the insurance people?  I don't really know how this works,  Patrick went to that seminar.
  Oh.
 Um  honestly, I-I don't think that you wanna do that.
  You said that I could trust you.
  First, the Tamagotchies, now this!  Get out of my store.
  Okay, fine.
 You can take the money for the sink  out of what you were going to pay me for today.
  I wasn't planning on paying you anything.
  Get out!  You too.
 Very disappointed.
  And if we're pointing fingers, David,  I've done it on a lot of sinks and I've never had an issue.
  When you say you've done it on a lot of sinks  Out!  Hmm.
 (Bell jingles over door)  Ugh! I don't wanna touch this.
      

                




                    			1 (Bird caws, dog barks)  Okay so, as we all know,  I think surprise parties are tacky,  and far too often organized by well-intentioned people  with very bad taste.
  But Patrick has always wanted one,  poor thing.
  So I am throwing him a surprise party tonight.
  Johnny: Well David, these kinds of parties take time,  and planning.
  Now, when I planned that Casablanca-themed party  for your mother's 40th,  I had to quarantine the camels for a month.
  Mhmm.
 Yeah David,  this is all feeling very sketchy and last minute-y.
  I've actually been organizing this for quite some time,  I'm just telling you right now  because I know that none of you can keep a secret.
  Oh! At 9 a.
m.
 it's a little early  for character assassination.
  Not one of you knows how the "Crows" movie ends.
  You told me the day you got home.
  You gave me the script.
  And you were both sworn to secrecy,  so David is right not to trust you.
  Yeah, this is why I'm reluctant to tell you  that there is an extra surprise tonight.
  I invited Patrick's parents.
  Oh my God, David!  Oh, that is very exciting news, son!  Meeting the parents!  That's a big step.
  Yes, things are certainly racing along  at a dangerously rapid velocity.
  Thank you so much, we're doing great.
  Now, I will only be throwing one surprise party,  and one surprise party only.
  So tonight there will be a surprise.
  And there will be tears.
  Even if they're just my own.
 Okay?  How did it end again? Like, a crowmageddon?  Crowpocalypse.
  But you didn't hear it from me.
 (Snickers)  So Wow.
   This is a really big deal, Johnny.
  I mean, meeting my best friend's son's  boyfriend's parents for the very first time,  I am very touched that you wanted me  to share this moment with you.
  I asked you to mow the lawn three times, Roland,  So you being here is more your decision than mine.
  (Door latch clicks)  Oh! Clint Hello.
  Oh, hi!  Hi.
 You must be the Brewers.
  I'm Clint.
 This is my wife, Marci.
  What a special moment this is for all of us, huh?  (Chuckles) You must be David's Dad.
  Oh, no, no! I do get that all the time, though.
  It's uh, you know, you've got David's handsome looks there,  and then my face.
  Yeah, I'm David's father, Johnny Rose.
  Johnny, it's a pleasure to meet you.
  Yes, hi.
 Hi.
  Now, Patrick tells me you run the motel.
  More like, runs it into the ground.
  (Laughs uproariously)  Oh, we do have a lot of fun around here, don't we?  We do, sometimes.
  Roland, do you want to get the room key for them?  Sure.
  So this is all very exciting.
  I assume we'll see you tonight?  Oh you definitely will.
  So Patrick has been keeping us up to date  about everything he and David have been doing,  and I think it's amazing how far they've come.
  Yes, yes, yes it is.
  But uh, I'll have to admit,  I've been somewhat of a skeptic about those two.
  This one isn't as progressive as the rest of us.
  It's a generational thing with him.
  I was talking about the store, Roland.
  You know, mixing a business relationship  and a romantic relationship, well, that's  it can get kinda tricky sometimes.
  I-I-I missed the last part  of what you just said.
 The uh  Oh, well, you were aware they were in business  together as well, right?  We knew that part, yes.
  Really? Because it kind of seems like the two of you  just found out some really shocking information.
  Did I speak out of turn?  I-I think we'll just go to the room,  and get ready for the big surprise tonight.
  Oh, sure.
  (Door latch clicks)  (Door slams)  Huh.
 Correct me if I'm wrong here, Johnny.
  But it kinda seems like they didn't know  their son is in a relationship with David.
  (Gasps) You're looking especially fresh  and photogenic today, Mother.
  Why thank you, Alexis.
  Perhaps it's my excellent news.
  I found a very promising revenue stream  to help finance the little deficit we've accrued  on "Cabaret".
 What might that be?  Well, according to the radio,  there's a darling little medical clinic in Elm Grove.
  Where if any one of us, say, you, or your father,  participates in a few nugatory tests,  we could be bringing in over $200 a week!  (Gasps)  Or, you could make $2,000 in one afternoon.
  Ugh, which test is this?  I'm talking about the soap opera fan convention  that's happening today.
  I looked at your calendar,  so I know that you have the day off.
  Working from home.
  I already purchased a booth.
 Your name is on the website,  and I just printed out all of these headshots  for you to sign.
  Obviously I will be taking commission.
  Alexis, there's a good reason  I've avoided these conventions in the past.
  Showing up, taking your picture with a  motley crew of pale, dewy-faced salamander people.
  I haven't hit rock bottom quite yet.
  It's a matter of self-worth.
  You did a commercial for adult diapers!  In Japan!  In full-face Kabuki makeup!  Okay.
 As your acting publicist,  I'm putting my foot down.
  We're doing this.
 You need the money,  and this is how you're gonna get it.
  Look at you.
  Hmm! Very well.
  But there will be a safe word in case the gaggle  of asymmetrical faces gets to be too much.
  Deal.
 I'll start the car.
  (Car rumbles)  Okay, so I told Patrick that there's a salmonella  outbreak at the cafe,  so he will not be coming here until I tell him to tonight.
  Oh.
 Is it possible you could maybe  choose a lie that doesn't make the cafe  look like it's in violation of health codes?  I think it's a pretty good one.
  (Panting) David!  You said you were only gonna be half an hour.
  (Panting)  Did you run here, Mr.
 Rose?  No! Just a pleasant walk.
  Okay, I'm on a site survey for the party.
  Why, what's going on?  Well, I-I just checked in "you know who's" parents.
  What? They're not supposed to be here  for another 11 minutes!  Well, nothing to worry about.
  Um, random question for you.
  They're aware that you and Patrick are uh  romantically involved, right?  Of course they are.
 Why wouldn't they be?  Well, they're definitely aware  that you're business partners,  it's just that uh, if I recall,  at one point Patrick was engaged  ahem to a woman, so  Okay, what did you say to them?  Nothing, nothing!  It's more how they reacted when I brought up  the fact that you two were  romantically in business with each other.
  Ew!  Yeah, they-they looked a little shaken.
  Shaken? Well, upset.
  Upset?! David, they know, right?  Of course they know!  I wouldn't have asked them to come here if I didn't think  they knew we were in a relationship!  They call the store all the time!  I mean, what do they think,  I'm just his business partner?!  Possibly.
 I mean, yeah.
  Oh my God! Okay!  Everybody calm down! Nobody say a word to anybody!  Well, that sounds reasonable.
 What did I just say?!  (Car door slams, horn honks)  A few things to expect.
  Now, the fans will either want a signed picture,  a picture and a handshake,  or a picture either of you, or with you.
  Well, that's reasonable.
  Now, if they ask for pictures of your feet  Hailey, you have been more than helpful.
  If I might have a moment alone with my daughter?  Slash publicist, thank you.
  Alexis dear, now is bad a time as any to tell you.
  There is a dark side to Mummy's industry,  and I've tried to protect you from it your whole life.
  You took me to the Playboy Mansion when I was seven.
  And you had a wonderful time in the children's grotto.
  But, this!  Alexis, you shouldn't have to see this.
  Thespians selling their autographs for money  in cheerless convention centers.
  Mhmm.
 Oh God, no!  We have to get out of here, Alexis!  What's going on? That's Gloria Gregson.
  Who's Gloria Gregson?  Who's Gloria Gregson?!  She only played Grace on "Touched With Grace"  for 37 years.
  The woman has 17 Emmys for playing a hot-headed  nurse who healed people with her sexual touch.
  I can't have her see me in a place like this!  Come on! Moira?  Mmm!  No, no, it is  the Gloria Gregson?  Oh, darling!  Well, look at you, you look gorgeous!  I'm so glad you're here, darling.
  I'm usually the only marquee name at these things.
  I'm shocked by my presence as well.
  And I am Alexis Rose, Moira's publicist and daughter.
  Oh! Daughter? More like sister.
  (Laughs) Ew.
  (Insects buzz)  (Key rattles in lock)  Happy Birthday!  Thank you.
  Flowers are for you; the pizza's my lunch.
  Hi.
 Hi.
  Mm! So, how's the store?  Thriving.
 But more importantly, how are you?  You gotten some calls from some family or friends?  Yeah, I talked to my parents a little while ago.
  They're on like, a weekend getaway,  so they couldn't chat long, but  Did you tell them about dinner?  Uh, they were actually just pulling up to their hotel  so they had to jump off but  Oh.
 Um, speaking of your parents,  I've been piecing together that I don't think  I ever spoken to them outside of work.
  Is that weird?  Okay.
 I'm sure you I'm sure you have.
  Yeah  Like, they know about me, right?  Of course they know about you, what do you mean?  What are you-why?  Like they know about "us", right?  Um  Okay listen, David.
  I've have been wanting to tell them about us.
  I really have, I just was waiting to do it in person,  and then I didn't go home for the holidays,  and then I was feeling so comfortable with you,  and your family.
 Yeah.
  Yeah, I-I don't know why I assumed, um  So all this time, your parents thought they were just  talking to your your business partner?  Okay.
  David, I know my parents are good people,  I just (Emotional exhale)  Hmm  I can't shake this, this fear that  there is a small chance that this could change everything.
  That they might see me differently,  or treat me differently.
  Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
  But I'm gonna deal with this  as soon as I see them next, okay?  Okay, what you're dealing with is very personal.
  And something you should only do on your terms.
  Okay?  That's why I brought this couple home one day  in college, and just told my parents to deal with it.
  (Laughs)  I'm a take-charge guy, David.
  I like to take charge of things in my life, you know that.
  Yep, mhmm.
  You're upset.
 I would be, too.
  Yeah.
 Uh, it's not about that.
  Ahem heh.
  You're gonna laugh yourself  right out of the closet on this one.
  You know how you've always wanted a surprise party?  David, I don't think this is how surprise parties work.
  Yeah, I know, it's just  part of that surprise was inviting  your parents here.
  What?  Yeah.
 I realize that was a big mistake.
  I-I should've talked to you.
  I could be just your business partner tonight.
  If that will help.
 No, David.
  I, I can't have you do that.
  I owe it to us to tell them.
  I want them to know.
  (Laughs) Yeah, maybe this whole thing  is a blessing in disguise, huh?  It's at the cafe? Yeah.
  The salmonella was a decoy.
  Ooh  (Preparatory exhale)  (Knocks)  Hi, Mrs.
 Brewer, Mr.
 Brewer.
  I'm I'm David Rose.
  Oh, David, come in.
  Oh, thank you.
  Um  I uh,  I brought you some things from the store  as a welcome present.
 We ran out of the body milk,  so I threw in some extra lip balms.
  Thank you, David.
  I just wanted to come here and apologize  for a very unfortunate miscommunication.
  So you're not in a relationship with our son?  Oh, no.
 I very much am.
 Oh.
  Um, I was talking more about how you found out.
  Was it something we did, David?  I'm sorry? Honey, stop!  No, I wanna ask.
  Do you think if we'd done things differently,  that Patrick would still be I understand that this news  can come as a shock to some people.
  But he is still the same person,  and it's his birthday, and he  David, we're not upset about Patrick being gay.
  No.
  Oh my God, okay!  For a minute I thought this was gonna get very dark.
  Ahem!  The thought that Patrick was feeling like he couldn't  come and talk to us about this.
  Is it because we were so close with Rachel?  (Quiet knock)  Hi.
 David.
  Oh, hi.
  Hi, Clint, Marci.
  I see you've met my son.
  How are you, David? Happy, I hope.
  Uh, 'cause at the end of the day,  that-that's all that matters, isn't it?  Dad, it's fine.
  They, they are fine with Patrick being gay.
  Oh.
 Oh, good.
  Good, then no one really has to feel bad  about how this information came out, then, huh?  So what do we do now?  Not go to the party?  I don't want to make him uncomfortable.
  No, no, no, we are all going to the party.
  Patrick is planning on telling you tonight.
  So I think the best birthday gift we could give him  at this point is to just  keep him in the closet until then.
  I know that came out wrong,  but we all understand what I'm saying, right?  Okay.
  Okay.
 Yeah.
  Whew!  (Birds chirp)  As actresses we have to do whatever it takes to survive.
  Which is why I'm on the convention circuit.
  I do dozens a year.
  I still can't quite believe that.
  Well, can you believe that because of them,  I have a vineyard in the south of France?  You may have tried my wine,  "Touched With Grapes.
"  Oh my God, that's your wine? Yes.
  We used to use that for sangria,  because it was like, so cheap, and  so good.
  So the fiscal sweetener negates any discomfiture  one might feel exploiting their extremities  for a $20 bill?  $20?! I charge $50.
  And just in case, I wear open-toed sandals.
  Darling, I used to spend my entire time  chasing after parts,  worrying about what people thought of me.
  It was exhausting! But no more.
  These conventions are a godsend.
  There is a freedom in letting go, Moira.
  (Convention goers chatter)  Okay Alexis, let's do this before I change my mind.
  Are you sure? Mhmm.
  I don't want you to feel like I'm pressuring you  into anything.
 Oh, I'm sure.
  As Gregson said, to milk this for all it's worth.
  So let's get it going.
  I have some fans to meet!  (Crowd cheers)  Okay, here's how it's gonna go down.
  It's 30 seconds each, tickets in hand,  or it's back of the line, and no,  she will not be clarifying any "Sunrise Bay" plot points.
  Ahem! Feet! Oh yes.
  And if we're talking feet, it's $75 for one,  $150 for the pair.
  (Crowd chatters)  (Crickets chirp)  He's coming, he's coming!  Okay, he's coming, he's coming.
  So are we on lights?  Also, we're going with "Surprise.
"  "Happy Birthday" was too wordy,  and we couldn't nail it at rehearsal.
  Okay.
 Okay! Okay, great.
  (Bell on door rings)  (Patrick sighs) All: Surprise!  Oh my gosh!  David, I thought we were just having a casual dinner.
  Mhmm.
  Johnny: Happy Birthday, Patrick!  What is happening? I thought you guys were out of town!  Well, we are.
 (Both laugh)  We're just so happy to be included.
  You've got a really wonderful friend here, Patrick.
  Yep, I'm just glad you could make it, Mr.
 and Mrs.
 Brewer.
  Um  well, I should leave you all to catch up,  and spend some quality time with your son.
  But might I recommend the crab cakes?  I over-ordered, and they cost a small fortune.
  Hey, could I just have two seconds with him?  Sure.
  What if they don't react the way I think they will?  Then I will be here.
  And we'll get through it together.
  Okay  I love you.
 I love you.
  (Inhales deeply)  Well, I am suitably surprised.
  Thank you guys for coming.
  Clint: Well, we wouldn't miss it.
  We just love you so much.
  I love you guys, too.
  But um Both: (Eagerly) Yes?  Well, there's something that uh  that I've been meaning to tell you.
  You can tell us anything! Honey, let's just  let him talk.
  Uh, yeah.
  So I guess this doesn't really come naturally.
  Um David  He seems like a really great partner, honey.
  Marci.
 In business.
  Yeah, he is.
  He's also a great partner outside of business.
  We're together.
  David is my boyfriend.
  And I've never been happier in my life.
  And so I just, I hope you guys can accept that.
  Ohh! You are the only thing in the world  that matters to us.
  And if David makes you happy, then that's all we care about.
  (Emotionally) Dad?  I like him.
  I like him a lot.
 (Laughs)  Me too.
  I don't understand his clothes, but  (All laugh)  Ah, you will in time.
  (Relieved) Oh man,  I didn't know how I was gonna tell you guys.
  Well, we're just glad you finally did.
  Happy birthday, my sweet boy.
  Thank you.
    So I know that you're annoyed that the surprise got blown,  but this party might go down  as one of the happiest nights of my life.
  Well, I guess that makes up for the fact  that no one ate the crab cakes.
  Well  so how long have they known?  I'm sorry? My parents.
  How long have they known? About us?  Um, I don't know, I don't know what you're talking about.
  David, I know my parents.
  They're not good actors.
  They knew about us, right?  Okay, my Dad might've told them,  but he, he thought they knew.
  And the gift basket that you gave them  that I'm hoping you paid for,  that had nothing to do with you  trying to smooth things over with them?  It was just a very messy day,  And I was, I was trying to detangle things, and  and just make everything okay.
 Yeah.
  Well, you made everything okay.
  Twyla: Not to step on the moment,  but uh, I do have to lock up in five.
  Oh.
 Right.
  What a feeling in my soul  Love burns brighter than sunshine       

                




                    			1 (Both laughing)  (Snort) Stop, oh my God!  Oh!  You must be having a lovely morning.
  Hey now, it's just getting started.
  Is it just getting started?  Because it looks like the two of you have been engaged  in general merriment for quite some time now.
  Did he just say "merriment?" I think he did.
  Yes, I said "merriment.
"  Because that's what happens when I spend too much time  with my mother, and I blame you two for it.
  So how was uh, dinner last night?  Ooh, long.
 We spent two and a half hours  going over a costume lineup for the show.
  All so that you two of you could sneak off  to some secret dance rehearsal behind her back  like a pair of dirty con artists.
  Hey listen, David, your Mom is a great director.
  She's just not used to working with amateur dancers.
  Yeah, last week she told me  to dance like an Indonesian scarf caught in the wind.
  I don't even know what that looks like.
  This "Money" number is so complicated  that if we don't get the outside help,  we will be laughed off stage.
 You've seen me dance.
  Yes, you have legs like tree trunks,  we knew that going into this.
 Thank you.
  Can we just have one more private session with Derek,  and then it's done.
 One more session?!  I thought last night was the last session!  Well, we couldn't nail the final lift.
  What is this, "Dirty Dancing?!"  David, please, just keep her distracted for one more night.
  No.
 No! It's too much!  Okay, then I guess we can just  tell her we're getting outside help.
  Mm, good luck.
  When she was coaching me for the "Little Mister" pageant,  I made the mistake of going to Mario Lopez for advice,  he was the hosting at the time.
  Anyway, she found out, and felt so betrayed,  she "forgot" to double-knot my tap shoes,  and cost me the crown.
  So I will cover for you for one more night.
  But that is it!  This better be worth it.
  Excuse me, I have a job to do.
 Oh.
   (Birds chirp, dog barks)  Mm, Ted, it smells so good in here!  What's the occasion?  Brunch.
 That we were supposed to make together.
  Oh, don't worry, babe, I've already eaten.
  So then I guess I'll just have your plate  for dinner, then.
 Mm, yum!  Hey, so I was thinking about maybe going into work  a little bit later today.
 Ah!  Yay, if that means more Teddy time for me, then yes.
  No actually, I've been thinking about maybe  taking a longer break from work.
  I'm listening.
  What if we got out of town, just the two of us?  Like Thelma and Louise? Nope.
  Uh no, I was thinking somewhere more exotic, like,  I don't know, somewhere that would have beaches for you,  and some interesting wildlife for me?  Okay, I've just been to Miami so many times before,  and trust me, the "wildlife" is not as sexy up close.
  No, I'm talking about farther away.
  Like, I don't know  the Galapagos Islands.
  I love that.
 Really?  Yes, as a jumping-off point, yes!  But if we're thinking islands, why don't we do something  less sleepy and scary, like, The Maldives?  Definitely something to consider.
  And I guess while we're spit-balling here,  you know, it could be kinda fun to go somewhere  that you've never been before.
  Like, I don't know, the Galapagos Islands.
  Yes, Ted! An island somewhere for sure.
  We just need to figure out where.
 Mm.
  But I'm so glad we're on the same page about this!  Yeah, yeah.
  And-And what page is that?  Well, we both agree that we wanna get away,  and we both agree that we're gonna land  on somewhere so good.
  Mhmm!  Roland: Hey, Johnny.
 I heard the news.
  Boy, we are really going to miss Moira tonight  at the annual Mayor's Roast.
  I was looking forward to getting scorched.
  Oh yeah, well, she's gonna miss it, too.
  Yeah, I mean, when she starts going off,  oh my God, you better have the burn unit on speed dial.
  I mean, get the fire extinguishers ready,  because she is just slinging heat!  Which ultimately becomes fire.
 Yeah, I get it, I get it.
  She can, she can be funny on occasion.
  Yeah, it's okay though, I've got uh, Bob's cousin,  Louis, from Elm County,  he's gonna come in and fill in for her, so.
  Yeah well, Louis' the last guy that should be driving in  for tonight.
 Uh no, I-I uh  I'm more than capable of taking Moira's place.
  Johnny, I don't think so.
  Those are pretty high heels to fill.
  Well, don't you worry about me, I've uh  I've handled myself pretty well humorously speaking,  in front of large crowds before.
  Jeez, if you bring up that Rose Video  shareholder's meeting again  You better be spending this time toughening your skin,  Because I've got more than a few  rippers up my sleeve for tonight.
  Okay um, first off, I have no idea what "rippers" are.
  Well, maybe you'd know,  if you graduated elementary school.
  (Guffaws)  I can't believe you said that to me.
  Oh Roland, I'm sorry, did I Was that too far?  (Laughs) Look at your face!  "Oh Roland, I'm sorry, did I go too far?"  (Laughs)  Oh pal, you are going to get eaten alive tonight!  (Door latch clicks, slams)  (Insects buzz, birds chirp)  (Horn honks) Oh!  Moira: David! What are you doing walking the streets  all by yourself?  You make me sound like a feral cat.
  I'm walking home.
  Don't tell me the store is already laying off people!  No, Patrick sent me home to get a check  that apparently is tax for the government,  and not, as I assumed, a bonus for me.
  Well, I'm glad I caught you, because I got your missive  about wanting to sup this evening,  and I'm afraid I must decline.
  What? Why? Why?  David, full disclosure,  you have been awfully clingy of late.
  Okay  I think it might be propitious for you to spend  some time with your peers.
  What's Patrick doing tonight? Or Stevie?  They're um, busy.
  Busy? Well, rehearsals end sharply at six,  so either one of them should be free  to dine with you thereafter.
  I just don't think they're available tonight.
  Hmm, too tired?  Mm, yes.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
  They've both been struggling.
  Yeah, that's-that's it.
  Your choreography has been working them so hard  they basically just go home and fall sleep,  so actually your show  is stripping me of a social life.
  Alright, David, but it'll have to be a working repast.
  I could use your eye for the final design of the posters.
  Okay? You employ the wrong font,  and you may as well bid Auf Wiedersehen to ticket sales.
  Can't wait.
 Until then, dear!  We're both going home though!  What the hell?!  Alexis, you don't need to do those dishes.
  I didn't, I just put them on the counter.
  Um, I also found this on the counter.
  "Charles Darwin Research Center.
"  What is this? Oh, nothing.
  Just-just some work stuff.
  It says you were one of ten people selected  for a research program.
  Oh, what?  That's crazy.
  Is this why you kept bringing up those islands this morning?  Oh, the Galapagos Islands?  Uh, not necessarily, no.
  Ted, why else would anyone wanna go there?  You mean, other than wanting to study some of the rarest  and most diverse forms of plant and animal life on the planet?  Uh, yeah, I guess you have a point.
  You were selected out of thousands of applicants?  It just means that they'll have plenty of people  to pick from when I don't accept.
  Ted!  Why didn't you tell me you were doing this?  Because I applied before we got back together,  and it takes a couple years to process the applications.
  A couple years? It sounds important.
  Well, listen, it's not not important.
  But I can, I can always apply again.
  You know, Emmett, the tortoise is 180-years-old,  So I'm sure he'll still be around in another few years.
  You love old tortoises! It sounds like a dream.
  How long is the program?  Six months.
  Oh, wow.
 Yeah, see,  this is why I didn't wanna push it on you this morning, okay?  Because you mean way more to me than some dumb  once-in-a-lifetime job opportunity.
  Ted, I don't know what to say.
  I'd totally think about it, but like,  my laptop's here  Okay, honestly, just don't worry about it.
  Well, what about long distance?  I once maintained a successful, semi-committed  text relationship with Josh Hartnett  while he was shooting "Pearl Harbor".
  Okay, Alexis, I appreciate your creative problem solving,  But.
 you know, I-I wouldn't stay if I didn't feel  like it was it was the right choice for me.
  Babe, are you sure?  Yes.
 But are you sure, sure?  Because I don't want you to not go like, just because of me.
  Okay Alexis, that's exactly what's happening,  but it's fine, okay?  And I told you that it's fine, so it's-it's fine!  Okay.
 Okay.
  (Magazine rustles)  Okay so we're all good, then.
  That was a good talk for everyone.
  You know what I am gonna do?  I'm gonna do those dishes.
  Babe, do you have a dishwasher?  Okay, I'm just gonna I'm gonna figure it out then.
  Okay.
  (Dish clatters)  (Alexis sighs loudly)  (Giggles)  Sounds like someone's in a good mood.
  What? Me? Oh.
  Sorry, you know those days where you're just like,  super in love? Hmm, not really.
  You will.
 Anyway, I'm just thinking about Ted and me.
  I can't believe we've come such a long way, you know?  Aww!  Yeah.
 I just feel so lucky to be with someone  who would do anything for me.
  Like, I just found out that he got this crazy job opportunity,  and he's turning it down just to be with me.
  Wow.
 That is lucky.
  He was ten people picked out of like, ten thousand.
  Oh my God, and he's not going?  No, I think his perspective  was that there would be other opportunities.
  Still, that must be totally heartbreaking for him.
  But I guess relationships are all about sacrifice.
  Oh my God, yes, Ted and I are so good  at that whole give and take thing.
  Like, he gives me so much,  and I have learned to take as well.
  And I'm sure you give things up for him  all the time as well.
  Totally.
  But also, he never really asks me to,  so that's hard for me to do for him.
  But if he did, I would.
  Oh, so he didn't ask you to go with him?  Not technically.
  Okay.
  One day I hope I find a guy like Ted.
  Someone who would literally put all their hopes and dreams  aside to be with me.
  Yeah.
  Yeah.
 Thanks for the chat, Twy.
  You're like my little fairy godmother,  if she wore an apron, and Celine Dion's perfume.
  Oh, so I've got a lot of good material here,  I just need some help sifting out the gold.
  I still don't see why you dragged us into this.
  Well, you can be a tough audience, Ronnie.
  What's that supposed to mean? See?  That's what I'm looking for, honest reactions.
  Well, I've been honestly reacting quite strongly  to your aftershave.
  It's a bit too European for my taste.
  Not the most helpful feedback, Bob.
  Look, now that you've trapped us here, just  What-what do you got, Johnny?  Okay, here we go.
  Well, it's 1791, and three explorers have landed  Next.
  I was flipping through the phone book the other day, and  The phone book? How old are these?!  Well, you're not even letting me  get to the punchlines, Ronnie.
  Johnny, you need a search and rescue team  to find the punchlines for those setups.
  Ah! Top ten things you don't want Roland  to be in charge of Ten too many.
  Johnny, you gotta be short and quick,  Like Roland in the bedroom.
  (Laughs)  Now, that, that one kills every year.
  Oh no, I love that one, is that one up for grabs?  No.
 You've gotta go for the jugular,  Just stay away from spouses, kids, and health,  and you'll be fine.
  Now, if you'll excuse me,  I gotta get back to work, which, up until now,  was the most boring part of my day.
  Well, I'd love to use that Roland in the bedroom joke.
  Fine, but I have a feeling it ain't gonna help you.
  (Chuckles)  Man, when she's on fire, look out!  Well, you haven't seen me on fire, Bob.
  (Insects buzz)  I'm glad I let you talk me into another dinner, David.
  That note you had about including my name  on the poster as a sales tool,  that's something I've been debating for some time now.
  Well, your name was already on the all mock-ups,  so it was really more of an observation.
  That reminds me, I must pop by the rehearsal space,  Jocelyn said some color samples were dropped off today.
  Okay yeah, I hmm.
  I don't know if-I don't know if I need to see color samples,  you just showed me all the mock-ups.
  But the printers require my sign-off first thing, David.
  Well, it's-it's late, I mean, it's  It's 7:15.
 Are you sure you should be walking  over there alone at this hour?  Okay David, no more "True Crime TV"  before bed for you.
  I refuse to buy you another night-light!  Okay, well why don't I just pick them up for you, then?  (Cell phone beeps) Ah!  (Buttons click)  Hey, be careful!    Both:  When you haven't any coal in the stove   And you freeze in the winter and curse through the wind   And your fate when you haven't any shoes on your feet   And your coat's thin as paper   And you look 30 pounds underweight   When you go to get a word  Of advice from the fat little pastor   What the hell?!  I don't-I don't know.
  Both:  At the window  (Music, tapping)   At the window!  Who's there?   Hunger!  Ooh, hunger!  Both:  See how love flies out the door   Money makes the world go round   The world go round the world   Money makes the world go round   The clinking clanking sound of   Money money money money money money money money   Get a little! Get a little!  Both:  Money money money money   A mark, a yen, a buck, or a pound   Clinking clanking clunking sound   It's all that makes the world go round   Makes the world go round!  (Both panting and laughing)  Stevie: Oh my God.
 Ahem.
  David, what are you doing here?  I have questions.
  Mrs.
 Rose, this is Derek.
  He's been just helping us  practice the steps to the number.
  And how long have you all been moonlighting?  Just just about a week.
  It's a really fun piece.
  Yes, I'm aware, thank you.
  I'm just gonna head outside.
 Stevie: Yeah.
 Yes.
  Thanks, Derek.
  So all this time I thought Poor David thought  that you were home, resting your instruments!  Ohh I'm so disappointed.
  Both: Sorry, David.
 It's okay.
  However, in the business of show,  skullduggery, when it leads to such thrilling results,  a pinch of moral corruption is a small price to pay.
  (Clapping)  Oh, is that good? Yeah, I think so.
  You choreographed this?  I loosened the pickle jar.
 Derek merely popped the lid.
  Very impressed.
  Was not embarrassed at all.
  And I thought I would be.
  So sweet.
  (Car rumbles, shuts engine off)  Babe!  I didn't like how we left things this morning.
  Me neither.
  I'm the one that should be sorry.
  No, I should've been more direct,  and we should've just talked this through.
  And I actually did some research on the Maldives,  and there's this beautiful resort that we could stay at,  it just means we might have to work there part-time,  to cover the costs.
  But I feel like I could teach windsurfing.
  Of course you've done research on this trip.
  But you've done too much for me already.
  You do too much for me.
  And so I think it's time that I give something back to you.
  My FitBit?  No.
 I lost that.
  But the last thing I wanna do  is stand between you and this job.
  You've worked so hard, and I'm proud of you.
  And so, yes, Ted Mullens,  I will go to the Cayman Islands with you.
  Uh, you mean the Galapagos?  Yeah, wherever the turtles are.
  Are you sure, sure?  No.
 But, yes.
  (Both laugh)  Muah! Alexis, you continue to amaze me.
  I can't wait to do this with you.
  Oh! We're gonna need to shots.
  Yes! Let's celebrate!  Uh, no, no, no, I meant like, vaccinations.
  Mm  Yeah, just 'cause we'll be spending a lot of time  in tents, and there could be disease-carrying  insects around, so.
 Okay.
 Okay.
  Um, this is still very fresh.
  I made this decision like, two minutes ago,  so why don't we focus more on the beach,  and less on the details?  Fair enough.
  (Laughs)  (Raucous laughter)  When it comes to making decisions,  Roland likes to go with his gut.
  And boy, does he have a lot of gut to go with.
  Ohhhh! (All laugh)  Yes, I do.
  And look at Bob, pretending to get it.
  And we all know Gwen, he hasn't gotten it in years!  All: Ohhh! (Laughter)  Oh, that-Ronnie is just crushing it!  I mean, you know, everybody really has so far.
  Okay, okay, that's all I got for now.
  So I'm just gonna hand it over to the one  who wears the pants in the Rose family.
  But Moira is not here right now.
  (Audience laughs)  So I'm gonna pass it over to Johnny.
  All right, Johnny! Go on!  Head on up there!  Let's see what you've got up your starched sleeve of yours.
  I'll tell you what I've got up my sleeve Roland,  a few tasty little rippers that uh  are more palatable than anything  Jocelyn's been serving up tonight, so.
  Hey, is that a crack about my cooking?  From the guy who's had four helpings?  (All laugh) Roland: Yeah!  Oh, and Bob's joking about me having four helpings,  we all know if you've ever taken your car to Bob's Garage,  he's not necessarily known "four helpings" anyone.
  (Chuckles)  (Silence, dog barks outside)  Well anyway, a couple of little improvs there  to get started, but uh, uh  what was I saying? Nothing funny so far.
  (Roland laughs)  Hey Johnny, come on, I've got a white flag,  why don't you just start waving it? All: Ohhh!  Yeah, Roland, may I point out that I was quiet  when everyone else was up here doing their roasts.
  I wish you were quiet right now!  (All laugh)  Well, things seem to be going downhill fast.
  Which is what the town must've been thinking when Roland  elected himself Mayor.
  (Audience laughs)  Okay, I'll give him that.
  Oh, got a smile out of Ronnie.
  The last time anyone saw her this happy  was at a 3-for-1 sale on cargo pants!  (Audience laughs)  Where? Where?  (Audience laughs)  All right, Johnny, starting to make some moves, now.
  Cargo, I said car-go,  which is what a car is supposed to do  unless you take it to Bob's Garage!  (All laugh)  Well listen, I don't want to overstay my welcome,  I'll keep things short and quick.
  Which reminds me of the last time I was in Roland's bedroom,  um well,  I-I wasn't in Roland's bedroom, but the  Ah! What was it, Ronnie? Just sit down, Johnny.
  Well anyway, the punchline is, it was short and quick.
  (Forced laughter)  Anyway, I'm gonna quit while I'm ahead, folks.
  (Audience laughs)  I think it's a little late for that, pal.
  Ohhh! (Audience laughs)  Good job, Johnny, all right.
  (Audience laughs)  Johnny: No, I wish you guys could've been there tonight.
  I was really ripping into them.
  Yes, I'm sure you killed them, dear,  with all the venom of a silkworm.
  Oh, you know what, Moira?  Jealousy doesn't look good on you.
  Much like that mirrored jumpsuit you wore  to Candy Spelling's 50th!  John! Oh my God, Dad!  Why don't you take it easy, Alexis,  like you did with your education?  (Laughs) Ugh!  I mean, he's not wrong.
 Oh, look at David.
  Smart enough to get that joke,  but not smart enough to stop wearing sweaters  in the middle of summer.
  Burn, David!  Okay, here's why that joke didn't work.
  And look at you, John.
  A worthy competitor emerges.
  Something the good people at Blockbuster never said  about Rose Video.
 Ha! Ha!  That was low, like David's standards.
  (Laughs)  Or the placement of Alexis' back tattoo.
  Alexis has a back tattoo?  Alexis, what have you done to yourself?!  It says "that's hot" in Cantonese.
  Got it in Hong Kong.
 Ugh!  I was 12-years-old!      

                




                    			(Birds chirping)  Dobro jutro, my darlings!  That, of course, is good morning in  Bosnian.
 We know!  Well, I happened upon the most charming  petite patisserie this morning, and I thought,  my children deserve breakfast in bed!  Okay, have we done something? I'm so confused.
  What do you want?  Just to be near you.
  Chalk it up to the heightened emotionality of opening night  just around the corner, and  my bebe girl leaving me so soon!  Okay.
 Thank you so much.
  I'm not convinced.
 Moira: My pleasure.
  Oh! And the programs arrived today.
  Can't wait to see them.
  500 shiny new programs.
  Aren't these just the cinnamon buns from the lobby?  And wouldn't you know it,  they have presented themselves unfolded.
  Oh no, so you have to fold them all?  Theoretically.
  But then you remember my crippling carpal tunnel  from all those years of signing checks.
  So why don't I grab you a big stack,  and you two can turn it into a fun game.
  I'm out for the afternoon.
  Patrick is taking me on a picnic.
  Hm.
 Then Alexis,  perhaps you can bring a few hundred to the cafe,  and you and Twyla can gossip and fold,  and fold and gossip?  Nope, this is my one day off,  and Ted and I are doing trip stuff.
  They need to be folded!  And I brought you pastries, and coffees!  Okay well, this coffee has nothing in it.
  Oh, it's just a gesture, David!  Stop being so literal.
 Okay   (Birds chirp)  (Door clicks open, slams)  Hey, what are we doing over here?  Well, Galapagos has some pretty killer beaches,  so I thought we should come prepared.
  Oh my God, Turkish Cosmo once included my photo  on their list of the world's best sarongs.
  So let's just say I know my way around a beach.
  (Laughs) All right, uh goggles, snorkels.
  I don't actually go in the open water,  but I can't wait to see you do that.
  What else? We got lots of stuff.
  Biodegradable shampoo, and  malaria pills.
 Excuse me?!  Uh no, they're just preventative.
  We'll also be bringing insect repellant.
  Okay.
 Maybe we can just get one of those sexy  little mosquito nets for around our bed?  Those are actually an insane safety hazard.
  If they catch fire, you're basically trapped  in a burning cage, so.
  But, totally.
 (Alexis whimpers)  Actually, you know what?  Why don't we go grab some breakfast,  and I will tell you more about our bed there,  and what we'll be doing in it.
  Theodore!  Look at this romantic getaway you've planned.
  It's gonna be the best.
  We've just gotta make a quick pit-stop at the doctor's,  to get some vaccines, and then we'll grab a bite.
  Okay, part of me is wondering if we even need the vaccines?  No, it's just a quick needle, Alexis.
  Think of it like um, getting Botox.
  Ew, Ted! What am I, 32?  Oof!  (Car rumbles)  (Engine shuts off)  Patrick: Oh.
 David: Sure.
  (Door slams)  Hey, what are we doing? We're here.
  Yeah, I just sorta feel like picnicking by the side  of the road is basically an invitation to be murdered.
  We're going on a hike, David.
  What, you always say you wanna do more  physical activity, right?  Yes, so that you can tell me I don't need to!  I thought we were going on a picnic.
  We are.
 We just have to hike to get there.
  Yeah, I was picturing us like,  on a charming park bench in the middle  of a private English garden.
  David, you have to stop watching "Notting Hill".
  It's not helpful for our relationship.
  Okay.
 Speak for yourself.
 There you go.
  What is this? That's your picnic basket.
  We're gonna need our hands free for the  For the hike.
 Hey, you're gonna love this.
  Trust me.
 Will I?  (Groans) (Car alarm beeps on)  Let's go, David!  (Bird caws)  (Insects buzz, woodpecker pecks)  Okay.
  That's it.
  Oh, look at you, John, my handsome proletarian.
  All rumpled and sweaty.
  Well, I'd be less sweaty if Roland hadn't just stood there  and watched me load all the furniture onto his truck.
  Johnny, I am loaning you my truck.
  And besides, I think you'd look good  with a little working-man glow on you.
  I could do without the musky aroma though, whew!  You know, Moira, when you said you needed  a few pieces of furniture from the motel  to round out the set for Cabaret,  I didn't think you'd be robbing us blind.
  According to Mrs.
 Rose, our motel is the only place  sad enough to pass for a pre-war Berlin brothel.
  (Exhales deeply)  Are you okay, Mr.
 Rose?  Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll be fine.
  Uh, Moira, what else? Anything else I can do?  If you'll just get this seating chart to the truck,  you'll be then free as a bird.
  Until we get to the theater.
  Yeah, I'll spot you, Johnny.
 Lift with your legs.
  (Grunts with effort) There you go.
  Ah! Oh! Oh John, be careful!  It's a rental.
 I'm sorry, sweetheart.
  It slipped right through my fingers.
  Just like your youth, right, old man?  Mr.
 Rose, do you think maybe you should  just take a seat for a second?  Uh okay.
 Just for a minute, though.
  I'm good.
  Wow, Johnny, are you okay?  How long has this affliction been operative?  Yeah, I felt a little tightening this morning,  Moira, when I picked up that box of programs  from the printer's, but I'm good.
  John, how was I to know you were in peril?  You keep everything inside, like a bashful clam!  Okay, Mrs.
 Rose, I think maybe we should take him  to the hospital.
 That sounds alarmist.
  Right, John?  It's just a little muscle pull, that's all, Moira.
  Yeah, you know, my cousin, Lenny,  had the same exact thing, Johnny.
  Well, what did your cousin do? Can we call him?  (Sighs) You can try, I don't think you'll have much luck.
  The poor guy died of a heart attack.
  What? No!  John? John, can you hear me?  Can you hear me? Try to follow the sound of my voice.
  Moira, I'm gonna need your voice to take five  for a minute, thank you.
  Okay, I really think we should go to the hospital.
  Okay, you know what? I think  I think may-maybe it's time to go.
  Okay, no one panic.
  Okay Stevie, get your car.
  John's a slow driver.
  We'll leave the programs behind.
  Or maybe we'll bring a stack for the trip?  N-no, Mrs.
 Rose! You're right.
  Everybody move! Okay.
  No! Not you, John!  (Dog barks)  Twyla: So this card means luck.
  I think.
 And What's going on here?  Twy, I didn't know you played solitaire.
  I don't.
 These are tarot cards.
  I'm raising money for a new dishwasher,  so I'm offering five dollar card readings.
  Yeah, and she's good too.
  Last time she told me I was in for a bit of luck,  and I won ten bucks on a lotto ticket.
  Whoa! I spent $20, but  still.
  Ahem!  Um, so where did you learn how to tell fortunes, Twy?  Oh, one of my mom's ex-boyfriends was a magician,  and a gambling addict.
  But he was also really good at reading tarot cards.
  He predicted when he was going to leave my mom  like, to the day.
  Yeah, that's kinda why I don't love this stuff.
  It can really mess with your head.
  Babe.
 It's for charity.
  Twyla needs someone to wash her dishes.
  No, no, the restaurant needs a new appliance.
  Oh, okay.
  Well, you should probably get your story straight  if you're getting people to donate money, though.
  Come on, it'll be fun.
 Oh, okay, fine.
  But only because it's for a good cause.
  Yay! Okay  Place your hands on the deck,  and think about something you want.
  (Giggles)  Okay.
  (Cards tap)  Hm  Is something wrong, Twy?  Is there water near where you're going?  Yeah, we're going to an island.
  Ooh! I forgot it was an island!  And are there boats near the water?  Yeah, there are boats on the water.
  Oh, we can charter this catamaran at sunset.
  Yeah, so I see a boat capsizing.
  What? People screaming.
  And a couple, like, under water.
  And then it sort of fades to black.
  Oh my God! Ted!  Okay no, wait come on, you can't actually see that  in these cards.
  Well, I also need to interpret the cards.
  Okay, so maybe you could interpret something  a little more positive?  Oh, I also see a party.
  People dressed up all fancy in black.
  Like a black and white party?  Mm, more like a funeral.
  (Groans)  Okay, there's no service here.
  David, put your phone down.
  We don't need service, we have each other.
  Well, if you can track my eBay bid, then, by all means.
  Did we really need two backpacks?  I mean, what are you keeping in these things?  Well, you had a pretty long list,  and we needed ice packs to keep the cheese  that you requested cold.
  Well, did I get the ice pack one?  Because this is not light.
  Just wonder why we couldn't have found a meadow somewhere,  you know, with some men on horseback like,  trotting in the background.
  Okay, David, do you want to turn around?!  Well, the app that's counting my steps isn't working,  so I honestly don't know.
  You know what?  I got up early to pack these bags for us  because I thought this would be a fun thing to do together,  but obviously that was a mistake.
  Okay, wow.
 So then, let's keep going, then.
  Well no, 'cause there's like, another half an hour to go.
  So I think it's probably better if we just call it now,  and forget about the picnic.
  Okay, well, we can't forget about the picnic,  because I will need to eat at some point soon.
  Really?!  Okay! I love that you've done this for us,  and I think you look very dashing in your hiking clothes.
  It's just a long way to go for some cheese.
  Then let's turn around, David.
  Because honestly, Iohh! Where's the bear?  No, I stepped on a branch.
 It went right through my shoe.
  How do you know that it went through your shoe?  (Whimpers) Okay, everybody calm down.
  It's gonna be fine.
 Uhhuh.
  Uh-huh? So that We should go to the  Okay.
 This way.
 It's right in the soft part.
  Yeah, I can see that.
  (Siren wails)  Okay, why? Why are we still waiting?  Moira, it's a hospital.
  Why don't you sit down, sweetheart?  John? John, I have sentiments that I  that I often say to myself,  and I don't say them out loud to you,  and I'd like you to hear them.
  Well, there are people around, Moira,  so depending on what it is you're planning on saying.
  I have given far too much  attention to this bicorn of a show.
  And I want you to know, John,  that you are the most important thing in this world to me,  you know that, don't you?  And I include Caroline in that,  and I've had that wig for 40-years.
  You don't have to be doing this, Moira.
  John, if you make it through When!  When what? When he pulls through!  Yes! Everything will change, John.
  We are going to eat healthier,  no well, not less, less wine at dinner.
  I'll have to keep the pills,  but I'm not one who's the health risk here.
  Mrs.
 Rose, you really need to sit down,  because at this point I feel like  I am at risk of heart failure.
  Okay, I've been calling David, and he's not picking up!  And what about Alexis?  There's an idea.
  Anybody have her number? I'll text her.
  Okay, Johnny, um  I figured you were probably hungry, so um,  I got you some snacks; here's some chips.
  And then, this, Johnny, is an energy drink.
  So that you can stay awake.
 No!  He shouldn't be having any of that.
  Will you stop going to the vending machine?  I'm sorry, Stevie, hospitals make me nervous.
  The last time I was in one was with Lenny.
  Although he didn't stay very long.
  Oh my God! What is wrong with you?!  Hm?  Okay, Johnny Rose? Yeah.
  Here.
 Hi, I'm Doctor Lipman.
  We're gonna take you back for some tests.
  Good.
 Is "tests" code  for open heart surgery? You can tell me,  I once played a nurse on "M.
A.
S.
H.
"  Okay, is it a heart attack? At this point,  we just want to find out what's going on.
  Mr.
 Rose.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I'll be fine.
  You're gonna be okay.
 I'll be fine.
  Okay.
  Be careful with him.
 Precious cargo.
  Whoa, whoa, Moira.
  Too soon, too soon.
 Come on.
  Okay, David,  I need you to pull it out.
 Okay, I told you  I don't think that's a good idea.
  What, you think leaving it in is a better idea?!  I would do it myself,  but it needs to be pulled straight out.
  Okay! Just pull it out, David!  Oh my God! Straight out.
  Eyes need to be open, please.
 Ss! Shh  Shh for a second.
  (Exhales deeply) Okay.
  Is it bleeding?  I don't know, my shoe is on! Okay.
  Yeah, I don't see anything,  but we should still put something on it,  because I don't trust where that stick has been.
  Now, which of these backpacks have the first aid kit in it?  I didn't bring one.
  It was either the first aid kit, or the ice packs.
  I wanna go home, David! This whole day's been a bust.
  Well, that's not happening, so  What is that? It's hand sanitizer,  it can be used as a disinfectant.
  You think I'd come to a picnic without it?  Okay, there we go.
  We'll reapply later,  but at least I don't have to worry about gangrene.
  I'm sorry for not appreciating you enough today.
  You've packed two big backpacks full of food,  and not a Band-aid to be found in either of them, but still.
  If you wanna keep hiking, I think we should keep hiking.
  No, I don't think so.
  But thank you.
  I think I sorta killed the romance.
  No, you didn't.
  You planned this beautiful day for us.
  And I think we should finish it.
  Can you walk?  Yeah, I think so.
 Then we keep going.
  Also, I'm starving, and I need to eat something.
  (Sighs)  I should probably get out in front, David.
  You have no idea where you're going.
  Okay.
 That's fair.
 Ow!  (Insects buzz, dog barks)  Hey!  Hey.
  Whatcha doin' there?  Um, just being on the internet.
  Alexis, that's just an image search for  intense boating disasters?  I just wanted to know what I would look like  after a catamaran accident.
  Come on, you can't tell me that you actually believe  Twyla's card reading.
  Of course not.
  We're just like, super-duper sure  that this is the vacation we want to be taking?  What? This is not a vacation.
 I'm going for work.
  And look, if you're scared of drowning,  we don't have to go on the catamaran tour.
  Oh, it's more than that, Ted.
  I don't know what's wrong with me.
  I've been traveling the world since I was a teen model.
  But something about this just feels different.
  Is this about the juice stand?  Because I told you, we can just make our own.
  There's fruit literally everywhere.
  Okay, this might sound insane,  but I've had this like, nagging feeling  that as soon as I get there,  I'm gonna start thinking about my family.
  That-that doesn't sound insane.
  Okay, maybe I'm not expressing myself clearly.
  Like, I will physically be there,  but I will be thinking about them here.
  Right, so  what you're describing is missing someone,  and it is a totally normal feeling.
  Well, this is a new feeling for me, Ted!  What if something happens to David?  I'm basically his only friend.
  Or my Dad.
  David and my mom sometimes gang up on him,  and I'm basically his only friend.
  Okay, Alexis,  you are taking a step out of the nest  for the first time in a while,  and that's a good thing.
  And if we get there, and we hate it,  well, we'll probably have to wait it out a bit,  just because it's pretty far away,  and it would be pretty tough to re-book  our travel arrangements, but  if we still hate it after that,  we can just come home.
  You're right.
  Oh, no, no, we're gonna close that now.
  'Cause there are some pretty disturbing images on there.
  Oh God!  (Tablet clatters)  Man on PA: Dr.
 Stevens, Room One.
  Well, you know, uh  I'm just gonna go ahead and say it.
  It's been a long time,  that's usually not a good sign.
  Roland.
 Hmm?  I don't think Mrs.
 Rose needs to hear that right now.
  In the Balkan Peninsula they say,  "silence is but an empty serving platter.
"  I'm sure there's a deluge of benign reasons  they're keeping John back there.
  Yeah, I'm sure.
  He-he probably just roped them  into one of his long-winded stories.
  (Chuckles)  Or he could be on a table with a triple bypass.
  Mr.
 Rose is gonna be fine, he has to be.
  (Exhales) I mean, I can't be left alone with this motel.
  I don't do math.
  (Door bangs)  Dr.
 Lipman: Hey, folks.
  I have an update on Mr.
 Rose's condition for you.
  We did an endoscopy, and found it was in fact  severe heartburn.
  We gave him an antacid, a strong one,  and he's doing just fine.
  (Laughs)  Johnny: And I drained a 20-footer,  and finished with an eagle.
  John! You scared me!  Oh Johnny, I thought this was the end of the road  for you, pal! Ohhh!  You're a blessing, my friend!  A blessing! A real blessing.
  You are.
 Thank you, Roland.
  Ohhh  Mr.
 Rose needs to lay off the morning cinnamon buns,  and steer clear of acidic foods for a while.
  But apart from that, he's good to go.
  Is he, then?  Well, he did say that there have been  some fatal cases of heartburn.
  Did I?  Is everything okay, Stevie?  Yep, I'm just really not looking forward  to folding those programs.
  It's good to have you back, Mr.
 Rose.
  Well, it's good to be back.
  And thank you, Doctor.
 I'll have to call you  with the rest of that Pebble Beach story.
  Oh John, the man's done enough!  David, I'm fine.
 You were limping,  and the rest of the hike would've made it worse.
  Plus, you don't want to know what my Mom would do  if you showed up to opening night, and couldn't walk.
  Oh, okay.
  Oh boy.
  (Sighs)  Oh oh!  Well, this is nice.
  I wouldn'tve made you hike all this way  if I didn't think it was gonna be worth it.
  I know you a little better than that.
  Okay, so how should I set up the picnic?  Yeah, I think it might be a bit late for that.
  Why don't we uh,  why don't we just take in the view for a little while,  and then we'll save the picnic for another day?  Okay, I didn't carry you up a mountain  not to eat cheese after, so  I don't know, David.
  Okay, just tell me what to do, and I'll set it all up!  Okay, fine.
 Um  in the red bag there's a blanket,  you can take that out and lay it down,  Okay.
  This is nice.
  Uh, in the second bag, there is a bundle  of crackers and cheese.
  Uh excuse moi! And champagne.
  Hmm!  And uh, just one more thing.
  Um, if you go into that front pocket there,  there's actually something.
  (Rustling)  Get it open.
  (Pants)  (Half laughs, half sobs)  What's going on?  So I used to come on this hike a lot,  when I first moved here, and I was uh,  I was developing feelings for this guy  I had just gotten into business with.
  And I didn't know what to do about it  because I didn't know if that guy  had the same feelings.
  Or if I'd ever be able to muster up the courage  to let him know how I felt.
 (Emotional exhale)  And now, here he is.
  The love of my life,  standing in front of me.
  (Sobs)  And this just felt like the perfect place  to ask you to marry me.
  (Sobs)  Wha-are you sure?  Easiest decision of my life.
  (Laughs)  Mm!  (Both laugh)  Are these 24-karat?  It's a yes, it's a yes! I love you.
  (Both laugh)  (Bell on door jingles)  Hey, Twy.
 Alexis.
  Hey, what's up?  Nothing, I was just on my way back from Ted's,  and I thought I'd pop in and see how you're doing, girl.
  Good shift?  Is this about the card reading earlier?  What? No.
  I've been thinking about the card reading earlier,  and I just feel like it wasn't the greatest send off,  you know? So hopefully I'll get a better one this time,  and it will just like, erase the other one.
  I'd be glad to do it, Alexis,  but I should warn you,  I think the deck may be cursed.
  I predicted four other drownings today.
  Okay, well maybe you should get a new deck.
  Death aside, your last reading was really good.
  It was?  You guys got up from the table before I could get to it.
  I flipped the Ten of Cups.
  And?  And I saw your family with this big  golden ring of light around them.
  Like you all had something to celebrate.
  Hm.
 It's gonna be a good year, Alexis.
  You're on the right path.
  (Relieved sigh)  Thanks, Twy.
  You're welcome.
  And that golden ring means prosperity.
  Hm.
  Either that or it's a stain from a beer bottle.
  Because my mom's ex gave me the cards.
  Ew.
      

                




                    			1   (Birds chirp)  (Low happy whistling)  Oh my gosh, is this what marriage is?  Nope, this is just left over from the picnic yesterday,  and I didn't wanna waste it so.
  (Glasses clink) Hmm, you could've lied.
  And what are we doing over here?  Hmm.
  I'm just editing some of our engagement photos.
  Oh! You look great.
  I look like I crawled out from under a bridge.
  Hey, have you given any more thought to uh,  when you wanna start telling people?  I'm kinda scared to do it today,  I don't think your mom would want anything upstaging  opening night of the show.
  Yeah, and I think we need that added hiccup, so  So, tomorrow then? Yeah.
  I mean, I haven't really given it that much thought.
  Yeah.
 So  one other option.
  What if, after the show tonight,  we corralled a few people back to the motel?  You know, we talk about the show for five to ten minutes,  then maybe dim the lights, pop some bubbly,  put some music on.
  I could stand up and give a speech.
  I'd look to you, you don't need to give a speech,  but at this point I think Alexis will be getting misty,  which will send sort of this intoxicating  ripple effect through the room.
  Most people will be sobbing.
  And I'll be holding back tears,  but the fact that I'm holding them back, I think,  will make it all the more powerful.
  And you can be topping up drinks.
  Great to know you've barely given this any thought.
  I am gonna start the day.
  Big show tonight.
  Good luck, honey! It's "break a leg".
   (Alexis hums under her breath)  Aah!  Oh, just checking in on my little girl,  and see how she's feeling about everything.
  Okay, she'd be feeling a lot better  if you weren't checking in every five minutes.
  Anyway, I just stopped by to uh  give you this.
  Thank you.
 That's very sweet.
  Well, you don't have to open it now.
  No need to open it now, you can open it later.
  Even though the intention was to  maybe open it before the show.
  Okay, fine, I will open it now.
  But ever since I told you I was leaving,  you've been giving me little things  that just make me feel bad about it.
  Oh, that's not true, honey.
 That's-that not true at all.
  (Paper rustles)  Like this.
  Well, that's a little something  you can use backstage tonight,  or maybe put it on your bedside table when you're away.
  You expect me to bring this with me?!  This frame is like, ten pounds!  "Break all your legs.
"  A well-intentioned, if not slightly misguided  sentiment from the Elmdale Arts Council.
  Alexis, when do you and Theodore depart  for your equatorial adventure?  Ted leaves tonight.
 I leave in a week.
  Well, that seems like poor planning.
  Why aren't you flying with him tonight?  Because I'm in the show.
 Well, Of course you are!  Oh! Well, I have to tell you,  I am impressed!  Alexis, my phone's been ringing nonstop since 7 a.
m.
  you certainly engaged the press.
  Thank you.
  If I'm receiving this kind of buzz  from a boutique theatrical run, imagine the fanfare  you will drum up when the "Crows" movie  gets its premiere date.
  What do you mean, "that I will drum up?"  Well, after careful cogitation,  and two attempts to get Lizzie Grubman  to do some pro Bono work,  I have decided  Alexis, I would love you to do all my publicity!  Oh my God! What?!  When is this supposed to happen?  Last I heard, the fall.
  I will be in the Galapagos.
  Well, again, poor planning.
  Well, you just told me right now!  Oh, this sounds like an opportunity, Alexis.
  I mean, are you sure being away this long  is such a good idea? Yes!  I'm going to support my boyfriend,  and hopefully, eat, pray, love, a bit for myself.
  Yes.
 Family! Family.
  We need to stop and embrace this precious moment.
  And I'm not just saying that because David's at Patrick's,  and the energy is unusually light around here.
  We are all on the precipice of greatness.
  And we should cherish these moments,  before everything changes.
  (Cell phone rings)  Hmm.
 And I'm still cherishing.
  Just  oh, I do have to take this.
  It could be the Elm Grove Sentinel calling about my  cover story.
  Moira Rose Enterprises, how may I direct your call?  Well, yes, my assistant is very busy.
  Dad! (Groans)  (Door opens)  (Laughs)  Uh oh.
  Hi.
 Hi.
  Who are those for? They're for you.
  I wanted to wish you luck for your big show.
  You've been stepping very far outside of your comfort zone,  and I think that takes a lot of courage.
  I don't think I've ever heard you use  the word "courage" before.
 Hmm.
  Outside of criticizing someone's style choices.
  What's going on? Nothing.
  You're only this happy when you have gossip,  or there's something in the news about Oprah.
  There's something in the news about Oprah.
  She got new espadrilles.
  Oh my God, David.
  You have a show to focus on, we'll celebrate tonight.
  Celebrate what?  You! The show.
  So, I guess I'll just see you tonight, then.
  Bye.
 Fine.
  Patrick proposed, and I said yes.
  Oh my God! Oh my God, David!  I know.
 Oh my God!  (Laughs)  I'm so happy for you!  Oh! Oh my God!  When did this happen?  Last night.
  Oh my God!  (Sobs) Ohhh!  Are you okay?  Oh! Yes.
  I'm happy!  You just caught me off guard.
  See, this is why I wanted to wait.
  No, I'm glad you told me!  It's just nerves.
 About the show.
  Okay.
  Which I should get back to doing.
  Because there's this scene that I just can't get.
  Well, you are the only person I've told,  so if we could just keep this between us  until after the show, that would be great.
  Got it.
  Congratulations, David.
  Thank you.
  (Door opens, then slams)  (Sobbing)  Roland: Yeah, uh, dark hair.
  Answers to the name "Stevie".
  Um, kind of looks like a vampire.
  A little skittish when approached.
  Um, you know, I don't want to tell you how to do your job,  but if you have a tazer, you may want to use it.
  Okay, yeah, thanks, bye.
  I should've known the risk.
  The toll that stage fright can take on someone  who's not used to the hot sting of the spotlight.
  I was a fool not to let Gwen understudy.
  What is going on in here?  Stevie's gone missing,  and I don't wanna be an optimist here,  but it's not looking good.
  What? What do you mean, Stevie's gone missing?  I can't find her anywhere!  I've called her all day,  and Bob saw her crying at the gas station.
  The last thing she said to your father was,  What?! She had to do something.
  Well, I saw her this morning.
  Huh, well you may have been the last person  to see her, Dave.
  I don't know how you're gonna feel about this,  but I'm gonna need some hair samples.
  What happened, David?  Did you say anything that might have triggered her?  You have that effect on people.
  Uh, she said she was nervous about the show.
  With but a handful of hours before curtain?  Any morsel of Intel is crucial!  Fine! Patrick proposed to me yesterday,  and I may have told her about it.
  Oh, David! Wow, a wedding.
  Congratulations, Dave.
 I don't know what to say.
  I know, it was very overwhelming for me, as well.
  Why could you not have waited until after the show  to tell people you're engaged?!  You're engaged?!  This is not how the announcement was supposed go!  Okay, but I'm gonna be away!  Who's gonna plan the wedding? Well, I could ask Jocelyn.
  She planned her brother-in-law's funeral  for under a hundred bucks.
  Okay, this is like, the last thing I needed to hear today!  When did this become about you?  Exactly! If we don't find Stevie,  a lot of people are going to be very disappointed!  I just announced I'm getting married!  David, you and your wonderful Patrick  have years to celebrate!  What a unanimously disastrous day this is turning out to be!  Ugh!  What the fuck?!  (Noisy sobs)  (High-pitched squeaky whimper)    Okay, so I told Stevie and next thing you know,  she is nowhere to be found.
  I just wish this whole engagement announcement  hadn't gotten so out of control.
  I mean, people are coming up to me  that I haven't even spoken to yet.
  Gentlemen, major show drama aside,  I just wanted to say congratulations  to the future Mister and Mister.
  Or is it "Misters?" See?  Now Jocelyn, how did you find out?  Oh, from Moira.
  Maybe Alexis.
 Possibly Gwen.
  Thanks Jocelyn, but I'm actually  a little more concerned about the show at the moment.
  Don't worry, Moira says she has a plan.
  Oh, does she?  Oh God, David! No, no, no, no, David, I'm sorry.
  No, just performers backstage from here on.
  Mrs.
 Rose, are you-are you a performer at this point?  Unfortunately, I have no choice.
  So I'm gonna shimmy off the rust,  and pray there's still dazzle within.
  Sorry, sorry.
 (Gasps) Oh.
  Stevie, what the fuck?! Mrs.
 Rose?  Stevie, thank God you're here!  Okay everybody, vocal warm up in the Green Room!  Bye.
 Bye.
 Good luck.
  Mrs.
 Rose, I'm sorry.
 I had an errand to run,  and I got stuck in traffic on the way back.
  Yeah, I've been calling you all day.
  I know, you told me to block everyone out today,  so I left my phone at home,  which I realize was a really big mistake.
  (Sighs)  Oh, were you planning on taking my place?  Oh! Just dressed in theme to support, that's all.
  I think I'll um  I'm going to go see if Jocelyn uh  got the humidifier, excuse me.
  I just have to check on her.
 I just Jocelyn?  Okay, I'm sorry!  I should never have told you before the show.
  Here.
  What is this?  Patrick asked for my blessing a few weeks ago,  so I had them made.
  It would've been nice if he told me  when it was happening,  I literally could've picked these up  any other day this week, but I will yell at him later.
  I assume you two will be moving in together,  and I won't be there to give you towels when you need them,  so Thank you.
  I appreciate the monogramming,  and the choice of thread color.
  (Exhales) I thought you were upset.
  I was more upset that I had to drive to Elmdale today.
  (Laughs)  I also appreciate this burlesque-y get up.
  Excuse me.
 You're an almost married man, now.
  Stevie.
 I'd ask if you could hold us up more,  but I'm not a big fan of rhetorical questions.
  Gotta go.
 Good luck!  Cast: Ahhhhh!  (Instruments tune up)  Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi.
  Hey David, congrats on the news!  Really happy for you guys.
  Okay, you know what, the funny thing was,  originally I was going to be the one that told people.
  Told people what?  Oh, does your Dad not know?  If we're talking about Dave's big engagement news,  uh, we haven't decided on a best man yet,  but we think it's probably gonna be a black tie affair.
  You're engaged?  Yeah.
 Sure.
  Oh, David, that's so exciting!  Oh son, you deserve all the happiness  ("Cabaret" music begins) We'll pick this up later.
  Sorry.
 Alexis made it seem like everyone knew.
  Oh, they do now, yeah.
 (Sighs)  Have fun, my darling.
  Have fun! You've gestated long enough beneath my wing.
  Now it's time to fly!  Okay Fly.
  Ohhh! Oh!    Meine damen und herren, Mesdames et Messieurs,  Ladies and Gentlemen!  I am your host.
  Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome!   Fremde, etranger, stranger  Patrick: Hello, stranger!  Glucklich zu sehen  Je suis enchante  En chante madame!  Happy to see you  Bleibe, reste, stay  Und sagen  Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome   Rah!  Fremde, etranger, stranger  Ooh!  Glucklich zu sehen  Je suis enchante  Happy to see you  Bleibe, reste, stay  Wir sagen  Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome   Im Cabaret  Au Cabaret  To Cabaret    (Audience applauds and cheers)  (Music plays quietly)  You wear her well.
  Sorry? Magdalena.
  The only other time I've leased one of my girls  is the Halloween when David was desperate  to be Alanis Morissette.
  Well, glad you think I'm pulling it off.
  Stevie, I'm so proud of you.
  You're really powering through tonight.
  Of course I never doubted you.
  Thank you, but I still have an act and a half  to prove you wrong.
  Now I suppose David's announcement  left you a little shaken.
  That's really not it, Mrs.
 Rose.
  It's just  I wish I wasn't watching it all happen from behind the desk.
  You know?  It feels like everyone's growing up all around me.
  You know, before the "Crows" movie happened,  I too thought there was no escape from this dark,  troublesome existence that was my life in this town.
  I was as hopelessly crestfallen as you are right now.
  Uh, I wouldn't say I'm crest  Shhh! Use it.
  I'm sorry?  Oh, I could so effortlessly conjure up  the perfect words to bedazzle your spirits.
  That's one of my gifts.
 But no.
  No, you need to be exactly where you are.
  Okay, are you talking about me, or Sally?  Why, Sally, of course.
  You I'm not worried about.
  What the hell is your secret, Stevie?  You just stand your solid ground,  refusing to be anything but you.
  Hm.
 Never thought I'd say this about anyone in this town,  but you  you're very, very cool.
  And whether you set sail, or stay put,  that's not going to change.
  Now, why don't we take our Sally by the hand,  and we go out there, and show those people  everything she can be.
  If she were only more like you.
  (Audience applauds)  Oh! Thank you!  (Takes a deep breath)    (Piano tunes plays)      Maybe this time  I'll be lucky  Maybe this time  He'll stay  Maybe this time  For the first time  Love  Won't hurry away  He will hold me fast    I'll be home at last  Not a loser anymore  Like the last time  And the time before  Everybody  They love a winner  So nobody loved me  Lady Peaceful  Lady Happy  That's what I long to be  Well, all the odds are  There in my favour  Something's bound to begin  It's gonna happen  Happen sometime  Maybe this time  Maybe this time  I'll win  (Half laughs, half sobs)  (Audience applauds and cheers)  That's my friend!  (Applause and cheering)  Well, you dazzled tonight, sweetheart.
  (In unison) Thank you.
  Oh, sorry, I don't know why  I thought you were talking to me.
  Well, it was a huge hit, the crowd went wild.
  I was shocked! Shocked?  Amazed.
 I was amazed.
  Amazed, yes.
  You're gonna be late for the airport.
  I can't wait to sip pina coladas with you.
  Again, it's not really that kind of place,  but yes.
  (Sighs)  I love you.
 I love you.
  Excuse me everybody, um,  it's time for Ted to  Galapa-go now.
  All: Ohhh! I love you so much!  Okay, great show everyone, bye.
  Partygoers: Bye.
 Johnny: Bye, Ted.
  Thank you so much.
 Hi everyone, hi!  (Spoon clinks)  I just, first and foremost, wanna say a big congratulations  to Team Cabaret.
  (All clap and cheer)  The show was awesome, you guys were so, so good!  Speaking of love  Somebody got engaged!  Wow.
  Speaking of love, um,  I'm so glad that you're all here,  because Patrick and I have some very special news.
  You're getting married!  Jocelyn, I'm the one on the chair!  Now, two years ago,  I went to fill out some paperwork  for a business license, and little did I know,  that I would end up meeting the love of my  (Cell phone rings) God!  Oh, it is me.
  Um, I'm sorry, David.
  Sorry, it's most likely press.
  I-I already know your engagement news.
  (Kiss sounds)  So wait a minute, he's marrying you?  Okay, this shouldn't be so hard!  Oh my God, just spit it out, David!  Oh my God, fine!  I met someone who changed my life,  and I don't know where I'd be without him.
  So yes, as we all know now,  Patrick and I are engaged.
  All: Ohhh! (Clapping)  Moira: No! Nooooo!  Oh my God! Moira: Nooooo!  (Partygoers murmur)  If it's a bad review, Moira,  I wouldn't trust local critics.
  No.
  No, they uh,  they shelved the "Crows" movie.
  (Shuddering breaths)  So it's-it's over.
  (Whimpers) It's over.
  (Sobs)  (Whimpering)  (Sobs loudly)  Nothing to see here, people.
 The party's over.
  Okay.
 Yeah, you can leave your champagne flutes.
  Unless we still wanna do a toast? No.
  Oh, no? Okay.
 Everyone leave the champagne flutes,  thank you.
 (Moira sobs)      

                

